4993	Drew	Casper	172
The lectures were fantastic, a bit repetitive but made the course material clear over time. 
Taking a Casper class is something that every film student must experience. His lectures are entertaining but he is strict. He wants everyone to do their best and he expects you to work hard for your grade. However, the TA makes this class bearable or not. Make sure you get a helpful TA otherwise switch out. This CAN change your experience.
He's incredibly intelligent, energetic, and fun to listen to. He does expect you to show up to class and do the readings. If you can do those two things, you'll make an A in his class. The students who complain about him are usually the lazy ones who are mad that someone actually expects them to work for their grade.
He is very unclear and the lectures are disorganized. I can see that with a good ta this would be different but I shudder to think of my grade. This is coming from someone who studied like crazy and watched all the films and attended all the classes and could not make sense of the midterm or the final. Simply too crazy.
He is very passionate about film and really loves what he is doing. However he sometimes goes on tangents that don't really have a purpose and sometimes puts on performances rather than lectures. Second half of the semester was more difficult to follow.
Very eccentric indeed, but the good side is his lecture never bores you out. Nevertheless, it's neither helpful. You have to turn to your TA for help if you want to pass your exams. 
Awesome
Overrated. Represents everything wrong with the USC crit studies program. Class is a cult, shepherding in naive, wide eyed students. Why do people applaud after every lecture?! You learn to regurgitate Casper's lectures on test and papers. No room for your own original thoughts. Lists IMDB #s during lecture and tells you to read his book.
My favorite teacher I have had so far in my college career. The most enthusiastic teacher I have eve heard lecture. He loves to call people out in front of the class, and loves walking throw the rows. You can tell his passion for film, and his lectures definitely show. Sometimes it is hard to take notes, due to his unique style of lecturing. 
He's absolutely amazing. If you don't agree with him, then so be it. But he is so experienced and knowledgable about his craft. Lectures are fun and movies watched are awesome. TAKE THIS COURSE
Please take Drew Casper's class with a grain of salt. He is at USC with a lot of knowledge, and he structures his lectures like a performance. The class watches a wonderful selection of classic films in a great location and although Casper is a lot to handle and is extremely opinionated, he has valuable things to teach. Take this class.
Overall really great professor! He loves his job and is super enthusiastic and makes the lectures entertaining. Most of the movies for the class were really good too. The grade is based on 2 essays, a midterm, final, and participation.
More of a critic than an actual professor.    Performs at a theatrical level that diminishes teaching. His biased opinions and unimportant interests will create tangents during the lessons, driving away from the main focus. What is more important than exhibiting knowledge is to effectively teach it in a proper manner. This guy doesn't get that.
He was/is an erratic, incoherent lecturer. I attended every lecture but had difficulty taking down notes due to his manner of speaking. Didn't buy the course reader, but bought the textbook. Most of the terminologies and definitions should be explained by the T.A or can be found online. Exam's are pretty brutal. Re-watch films+Attend study sessions
To any two people, he is either passionate, charismatic, and engaging or crazy, vain, and off-putting. I am under the former school. Class mostly revolves around lecture notes, so please for the love of God get help from your TA if you are confused. His lectures, however, are spot on and unique to both him and USC. The most polarizing class at SC.
One of the most eclectic lecturers probably in the country. he will touch student's faces, force them to sing, and a multitude of acts to embarrass them in front of 250 students He's not particularly clear and certainly isnt what I would call approachable. if you want to pass you must analyze the hell out of your notes and rely on your ta.
Drew Casper is a joke. His attempts to analyze the selected films were frankly embarrassing. He constantly confused director intent with his particular interpretation. He refused to cite sources for his "facts". He made up his own definitions to terms he clearly did not understand. He is a performer and a poor one at that. An embarrassment to USC.
Should attend all lectures. The papers are difficult but enjoyable. You have to do most of the analysis of the movies on your own and on the tests the movies are paired with certain qualities for which they were not analyzed. Study hard!
Casper is definitely my favorite professor in SCA. His lectures were very informative. If you really want to learn something rather than just passing a class, you should definitely take his classes. After taking probably more than ten of his classes, you will really find yourself knowledgeable about movie culture and history.
Interesting class and a wonderful introduction to film. People will complain about him and blow it out of proportion, mostly because the class is composed of freshmen freaking out about their first lecture-style class. You just have to take notes during the lectures, watch the films, and go to discussion. Not that hard if you like film.
Definitely not my favorite professor. He is very opinionated and I definitely didn't agree with much of what he said. He picks on students who answer questions, and not in a loving way. He treats lectures like a performance. Movies were mostly boring (fell asleep during half of them), tests were easy, papers were sucky.
Spielberg semester. Casper was great as usual. He is very opinionated but that's inevitable with an interpretative subject like film. Listen to what he has to say, because he really is very brilliant and provides a different perspective on a lot of things. Of course Spielberg's visit to class is a riot as well.
He definitely performs, does not lecture. Do not be the first one to raise your hand during the first class, otherwise he will pick on you for the rest of the semester (don't want that unless you have the answers to all his questions.) For the class itself, the weekly workload is non-existent, but be prepared to study a lot to do well on the exams.
You won't find a more polarizing teacher. Casper loves performing for his classes and can be quite harsh but love/hate him, he knows more than anybody about movies and you'll learn so much in this class. don't rasie your hand unless you're totally confident in your answer, he'll tear you apart but it's not personal and he remembers everybody.
His first priority is definitely to put on a show for his students, but his passion for film really grabs the attention of the class. He does go off on tangents a lot though, and sometimes he even skips parts of a lecture.
Engaging, entertaining, and a master of his craft. Casper could be intimidating, but as long as the student had a valid argument for the given answer, then he would accept it. The class was my favorite of the semester without question. Amazing class, but he can be a bit much, especially if he’s asking you the question.
Casper is incredibly passionate about film, has an incredible resume (including many DVD commentaries on Hitchcock's famous films) and is an all-around amazing teacher. Yes he is about performance, that's how he teaches. But if you take this class, you will learn more about film than you ever thought could be. Do not miss out.
Okay so this is a required class for all cinema majors (Critical Studies), but I did not know that, and took it as an elective. While I overall enjoyed the class, it is not what I was expecting, and therefore I was very caught off guard. Caspar is CRAZY and will remember you if you answer his questions. I would not take this for "fun" too hard.
There's a joke on campus that half of hollywood has taken Drew' classes, and there's a reason for it. If you're going to try to work in a business as competitive as film and TV you need teachers like Drew to prepare you for the hard realities of the industry. Taking Drew's class was invaluable
Casper is awesome. I really enjoyed 190 and learned a lot. I'm also a film major, so did have a prior interest. Make sure to take good notes! This is very important.He can be unnecessary mean to people that don't answer the questions the way he wants. But if you want to learn he's genius at what he knows. Favorite class at USC thus far.
This guy likes to play the part of a diva vampire in his class. He's unwilling to go above and beyond for you unless you unabashedly worship him like his mindless TA's. That being said, he's actually very smart (just ask him, he'll tell you so) and if you're willing to verbally fence with him, it's a lot of fun. He tries very hard to scare the kids
Casper is a really enthusiastic lecturer, but he speaks really quickly, likes to pick on students, and uses his own terminology. Tests are based on lecture and film notes. 2 papers. TA's a really helpful for clarification (Braden was great). Class exposes you to some films you wouldn't otherwise see.
Not as bad as people make it out to be. Casper is a trip, but it's just an act. I'd rather have him teach me film than some monotone professor, especially for the price of this school, he makes your money's worth. It ultimately comes down to the TAs. My TA sucked really bad. But it's possible to still get an A.
I came in knowing I didn't fully appreciate Hitchcock. I left confident that Hitch is extremely overrated. There're a handful of good films, but otherwise 75% of the ones you watch will start to blur together. Casper's overzealousness and failure to see/hear/say anything negative about Hitch. only serves to fuel my hatred. STUDY IN GROUPS.
absolutely loved this class. Not a cinema major but thoroughly enjoyed going to class. If you have a good TA you'll be fine. Go to every lecture because they are EXTREMELY important. The class is super entertaining and fun. I would recommend it to everybody. Everyone should experience Casper's craziness. He's scary at first, don't raise your hand
Casper is a pretty awful teacher. He makes class more about entertaining us than trying to communicate something about film. He invents terms. He scribbles nonsense on the board. He embarrasses his students. Even the TAs admit Casper lives in a totally different world. Lecture is pretty incomprehensible. TAs are tough.
Don't let people talk you out of taking a Casper class because he makes up his own terms - they're choosing not to focus on all the good things. You have to accept that Casper is eccentric and then allow yourself to enjoy his interesting and brilliant teaching style. Take him to lunch, I respected and liked him so much more afterwards.
If you care about film and don't assume you know all the answers, allow this crazy passionate man to impart his knowledge onto you. Really brilliant readings of Hitchcock and cinema in general. He cares about quality and it shows in his lectures. Intimidating but only because film is his world. Excellent prof
By far my least favorite professor and class. Before I took the class I would consider myself pretty heavily interested in film, now I dropped the major. Casper is incredibly arrogant and difficult to listen to. Look for him to contradict himself on a regular basis and attempt to belittle students.
Over the top, entertaining, makes up his own diction (I.e. temporal design instead of editing).
Casper is my absolute favorite professor at USC. He is dynamic and gets the class involved. Even though attendance isn't mandatory, GO--it's the only way to successfully get an A, and you don't have to work that hard! If you aren't interested in cinema, you must take one of his classes. You cannot go to USC and not have Casper.
One of the best professors I have ever had at USC. You cannot graduate without taking a class from Casper. As one of the highest paid professors at USC, he is a book of knowledge and knows absolutely everything about film. He motivated me to go to class everyday; I have never been so excited to go to a lecture and learn.
He's always really enthusiastic about the subject matter, but the class is a whole lot of memorization/reading.  Grading depends on your TA and if you're TA grades hard it sucks!
When I first entered Casper's class I was shocked by how he teaches his class, but further on in the course I realized that he is extremely passionate about what he is teaching and uses his methods to keep us students entertained and engaged with his lectures. Take CTCS 190 for yourself, but I thought Casper was a great professor!
After my second experience in a Casper class, my hatred has been solidified. His taste in movies and his opinions are outdated and yet he thrusts them on to you with such force that the whole class is really off-putting. This class was in postmodern film and most lectures consisted of ranting on postmodern film. Avoid him and this class.
overly dramtic and very annoying. it will be difficult for you if you are not a cinema major. take good notes during lectures and dont procrastinate on the 2 dreadful papers you have to write during the semester. having a helpful ta helps a lot!
He performs his lecture as a character, so he's never boring! Really interesting class with great films. It's tough, but interesting. Reading is largely unnecessary, but DEFINITELY take film notes and go over the course reader for the exams. Hard to get an A, but definitely possible.
How do I begin to describe Drew Casper&#63;  He's a character, to say the least.  You should really experience him and his lecture style for yourself.  Take 190, even if you're not a film kid.  You won't regret it.
Very animated, passionate and knowledgeable professor. Incredibly unique. Unfortunately, he often goes off on crazy tangents and sometimes doesn't cover all lecture material properly. If anything, attend his classes for the experience.
Scorsese was a good class. A little harder than the 300 level Crit. Studies courses because there is no discussion. Very independent with 25% devoted to everything. Didn't need to read books to answer test questions. Tests differed from 190 because you couldn't drop a question. Overall, great course. Could be challenging if you're not in SCA.
Casper has the largest ego of anyone i have met and is entirely too dramatic, but if you can deal with that you'll be fine.  the class is straightforward at the beginning and then becomes frustratingly arbitrary.  The exams aren't bad and the material isn't too difficult either. Just be prepared to clap for him after every class
Casper is extremely intimidating and brilliant, however his humor is simply playful and he has a big heart. His lectures are one of a kind and are so entertaining. Papers and exams were not easy. Not the best TA's and very picky graders. Still, the class was so interesting, and I can't watch a movie the same way again.
Definitely an interesting class.  Casper is extremely passionate and clearly is the leading expert in the subject.  Sometimes he goes off on tangents though and it can be hard to determine what will be on the midterm or final and what won't.  Seems like the TAs don't have a great idea either sometimes.  If you love film, you'll thrive regardless.
Not as intimidating as people make him out to be. Energetic and passionate, but I didn't like how his philosophy of film was his way or the highway. Midterm/papers are difficult but TAs seemed to be lenient graders. Take extensive notes on film screenings or you'll be rewatching them all before the midterm/final.
Scorsese course, most of the midterm was from book rather than lecture, 2 papers and midterm and final. Great lectures and screenings. No discussion class. Not too hard if you read and go to class. Casper is enjoyable as always
He is a great Professor, slightly extreme at times. Depending on the genre of films you get for the semester will really determine if the class will be difficult. Either way it is always entertaining.
This class is definitely challenging if you want to get an A. However, Casper is incredibly entertaining and the work isn't too heavy. 2 papers, a midterm and a final.
great class, learned a lot about the history of film comedy. theres only 2 papers a midterm and a final so not much work, and casper is fun to listen to.
Casper is really passionate and his lectures are entertaining, but the way the class is graded doesn't really correspond with how much material you understand. Of course, all the actual grading and assignments are done by TAs. Worth taking if you enjoy film.
Casper is really passionate and has entertaining lectures. The way the class is graded doesn't do justice to whether you actually really understand the material. Worth taking if you enjoy film.
i hear this class is really what determines the film students from those taking it as an elective - and i would agree. it's hard to get an A, so if you are looking for an elective, take an upper division ctcs course instead. casper is really charismatic and theatrical in all his lectures.
Challenging midterm & final, 2 papers graded by TA. Use lecture outlines in reader for note-taking. While Casper is intimidating, I learned an immense amount about cinema--academically & philosophically. His lectures are performance-like, often hilarious. I'd call him playfully abrasive. Loved 190, hope to take another class with him in the future.
There's a lot of hate for Casper on this site, and yes, some of his lectures are hard to follow/pick up on terms. However, he is easily the most entertaining/captivating/well-versed professor in the film school. I loved his class and look forward to taking many more with him. Life-changingly good professor.
Prof. Casper cares a lot about his profession, and is apparently really proud of it because he thrives on applause. His lectures can be entertaining, but I find that he's often unnecessarily hostile to his students. If you take him, prepare to do a lot of work. Make sure to analyze each movie using every week's lessons.
Casper's lectures are entertaining sometimes, but the movies we watched were really dull. He covers lots of material in this lectures and sometimes isn't clear as to what he is talking about. Ask your TA if you aren't sure. His midterm wasn't hard just a lot of stuff to know.  It isn't necessary to read, but sometimes it helps you better understand
He is very knowledgable but gets ahead of himself when giving notes. The test and paper require a lot of time if you  want to pass. Study hard and research.
Casper is fantastic. You won't always agree with him, but you've got to give him credit for knowing his field well and putting on a thrilling (and often funny) lecture. However, the TAs and their varied expectations can really make or break your experience. Some of them are needlessly picky about details and don't know how to write well.
Having had him for 3 semesters in a row, I can say that he is, if nothing else, interesting.  I enjoy his classes, and find his charisma entertaining.  Just don't blindly agree with his opinions, you can disagree with his bias and still like him as a professor.
Brilliant.
I really loved this class; Caper an Icon; and shares a wealth of knowledge about the art of filmmaking and the history of film.  I will take other courses that he teaches for sure.  I am a freshman right now.
Things you will learn from Casper may only make sense years later. I gained life and self knowledge through film which will stay with me for a long time.
If you like eccentric entertainment while learning at the same time, Casper is for you!  But DON'T raise your hand unless you're ready to be GRILLED, or unless you're not phased being picked on in a theater full of students.  You learn a lot and get plenty of amusement.  Recommended to any SC student.
His classes are definitely a performance, and watching a movie after every lecture is fun. You only need the blue course reader for CTCS 190, don't bother with the Film Art book. Some say that the TA's are snobbish, but I thought they graded pretty lightly. Just don't answer any of his questions during lectures unless you're sure the answer's right.
He is one of the most entertaining profs. Dumb critical studies student hate him but production students love him.
I liked him but others don't. At the very least he's an entertainer
Either you love Casper or you hate him. Unless you know the answer, don't raise your hand cause he WILL pick on you. But the most enthusiastic and knowledgeable cinema prof at SC, and classes were never boring. Quite a performer. I learned so much!
As mean spirited and demeaning as Casper is, he does know his stuff, and he has impeccable taste in film. You must be careful with him, because the moment you open yourself up or go out on a limb with a thought, is the moment he demeans you for the class's entertainment. Definitely not a nurturing professor, but still a vastly knowledgeable one.
A truly, truly fantastic teacher and mentor.  Don't listen to the comments saying he is hateful.  Listen to him, you will realize he loves what he teaches more than anything.  He's also kind of crazy, which makes class very interesting.
Another one of SC's overrated professors!  Skip the hype.
Casper is such a performer! He's just that kind of professor that you either love or hate. Overall, though, he was very interesting to listen to. Sometimes, he went too fast or wasn't clear, but the TA's could clear it up for you. He can also be very intimidating. The class is good! You watch a movie every week. Take it if you have a chance!
He is an incredible teacher, a bit on the eccentric side, but he draws you in with every word in each of his lectures. His class is a lot of work but it is definately worth it in the end. He creates the ultimate world of cinema with his lectures.
He's one of the most knowledgeable sources that USC will ever have. I've taken 190, 393, 394, 469, 402..god knows what else. He's wildly entertaining, though he does rant a fair bit, but considering the rest of the field, he's the most energetic, sharp, and competent.
While it may take some getting used to when you first enter one of his courses, Casper is intensely passionate not only about film but also about his students. Even in a lecture of 300+, he makes an effort to learn names and get students involved. Don't take his class for an easy A; take it to get a professor who really loves what's he's doing.
This guys lectures only tell us about himself.. he is so self loathing and only wants to have a bunch of kids think he is great too... this class sucks i saw no one should ever take it ever! Casper is mean and hateful and old. He rants on about modern technology and how he hates texting and how he hates laptops.. goodness.
Entertaining and informative but do NOT take this class if you aren't a cinema major. I know several people who dropped the class.. Many of the TAs are unfair, and as someone else posted, snobs.
The class is a bunch of made up terms and lacks content. Casper just uses it as a rant against today's world of film. The class is of no value.
Casper is extremely animated, so his lectures are inferesting.  You don't need to go to class, since there is an outline of what he says in the book, but if you go to the lectures and take notes you should be able to get a B or A easily.  Don't buy both books, you only need the reader, although the other one is helpful.  Grading is done only by TAs
Every lecture is a performance! Dr. Casper is a genuine treasure, and few (if any) people know more about post-world-war-II film.
Very entertaining and interesting.  Very hard to get a good grade.  TA's are snobs.
entertaining
He's a popular and successful professor that teaches several courses with a lecture hall full of students at a large university. There's never a dull moment. The Critical Studies major is kind of useless and un-practical. Take a couple courses and move on with YOUR OWN LIFE, not his. If you like movies, watch them at home. The TAs are snobs.
Took Casper for 503 and 469. Loved his class. I learned a lot from him - he is entertaining and delivers his material with passion and enthusiasm. Some of the lectures had too many facts from IMDB, but he balances it   with discussions of thematics. Although I had lots of absences, I worked hard on the papers and got an A in both classes.
Entertaining class but it's pretty hard to get a good grade.
We love films, he loves films-- end of story!
As you can see by all the comments, Casper inspires people to love or hate him. I personally think he tries to cover too much material in the class which makes his exams brutal. His lectures are entertaining and very funny...as long as you're not the student being made fun of.
This guy is a riot, very entertaining. I still have his notes - his classes were tough but overall very enjoyable.
Casper is quite a character. You'll either love him or hate him. His tests are brutal, because the material is so extensive and the tests can cover pretty much any arbitrary thing he brought up in class. Pay very close attention, and always go to lecture! He is very funny, and he loves to make fun of students. Don't take him too seriously.
Drew Casper is an experience! However, its EXTREMELY difficult -- I had 30 pages of typed notes for both the midterm and the final that had to be applied to 18 different films. Casper can be vague or skip chunks of material, you must ask your TA for help. This is an excruitating class. Dont take unless its a grad req, but do sit in on his lectures!
An experience you'll never forget! Everyone must take this course. This man puts on a show every class.
Brilliant and enthusiuastic orator
drew's lectures are spectacular!
very funny
The fact that this man has so many ratings must say something about him.  Whether you love him or hate him, his teaching style is one which commands attention.  I have found myself listening to about 85 to 90 percent of his 1.5 hour lecture which is much more than I can say for most of my proffesors.  Take 190 with Casper, its an experience.
I HATE THIS MAN.  He obviously wanted to be an actor but didn't cut it.  Although his conservatism is refreshing in a normally liberal-minded major, he is basically a mean and hateful person.  And his new chin does nothing for me. Maybe he should have had surgery on some other bodypart. He just makes up his own words and genres and tests you on it.
He's crazy, and he half the stuff he says doesnt even need to be put down in your notes...he just rambles and goes on with his act.  The entire class is a performance.
Drew not only inspired and challenged me to be passionate about cinema and the socio-historic important it plays amongst us, he became a true mentor and friend to me.  To this day, Drew remains one of my greatest influences and I have nothing but the utmost respect and admiration for this incredible professor and mentor.
He cracks me up!
Fantastic, passionate, engaging. One of my favorite classes at USC.
He's incredibly passionate and informative about what he is teaching. It's like he has too much information and can never get all of it out. Your pen will be smoking by the end of class but you learn SOOOO much.
Casper is the worst film teacher I've ever had.  He's been giving the same lectures (and I mean, identical) every semester for upwards of 20 years.  Students can't ask questions unless they're the ones he wants you to ask.  He mocks students and seems more interested in tooting his own horn and providing catty comentary on every successful person in the business than on actually providing any thoughtful analysis or insight.  I've learned more about film by listening to DVD commentary tracks than from him!
This guy is pure awesomeness!! The class obviously extends for too long, but he is so passionate of wut he's teaching that the hours just fly.. hope he has a better selection of films on his other classes for i do not like old movies... i fall asleep for the first part of casablanca!!
He's obviously dedicated, but I found it very hard to take away any concrete knowledge from his course.  More of a film cheerleader than a scholar.  A Lot of fluff and attitude, little content.
Truely the best professor I've ever had. You don't find too many professors like this.
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
Drew Casper rocks despite the fact he thinks there have been no decent film since Doris Day and &quot;Pillow Talk&quot; .... I'd go back and take his classes any day!!
No Comments
Listen, if you want and easy class in film this is not the guy for you. Yes, he does dramatize the entire course but it make you remember him.  It is a film class after all and not calculus.  He is strong in his positions whether you agree with them or not
Casper often imparts infactual information.  Passionate yet egotistical -- he would be better suited to teach highschool.
This class is awesome!  Dr. Drew is quite a performer and definitely keeps the whole thing fun, even though he does expect a lot from you.  The tests seem hard, but that gets you to work hard (and then in retrospect they seem easy).  Many people get intimi
No Comments
No Comments
Also Hitchcock Course. I think this professor is extremely entertaining. Especially if you would like to see an ex-priest tell you the sins and evils about film production in a VERY flambouant manner.
Casper is fun and interesting!
'an experience'
No Comments
No Comments
He's scary in class but talk to him at office hours and he's awesome.
No Comments
Casper is FABULOUS. Love him or hate him, you will never forget him.
Two parts Christopher Walken, one part Richard Simmons. You could almost always count on a song.
Casper Rocks
Casper is great.
No Comments
No Comments
Casper is the greatest. IF you LISTEN and take good notes, you will pass. If you don't.. then you're gonna fail!
No Comments
Amazing...the man is an inspiration.
Yes he has passion.  But he is a megolomaniac, who often can only barely cover his racism and homophobia.  He also borders on verbally abusive.  And after I did some checking, many of his facts were dead wrong.
A great lecturer.
In the movie version, he should be played by William Sadler.  Intense and charismatic.  I often disagreed with some of his readings of films, but he was never dull.  If he knows your name, he WILL call on you; stay alert.  Gotta admire that level of passion
No Comments
Prof. Casper is insane, but that's what makes the class fun. His energy and passion will keep you entertained. Exams can be difficult because it's hard to know what he expects. Papers are at your TA's discretion.
Outstanding teacher, but his classes are not easy.
The passion he has for his topic is amazing. Thanks to him I have learned to like several different genres of film I had not ever watched.
A teacher that scares me to death.  However, he does know what he's talking about.  Participation and attendence is never an issue with the lectures, and the movies screened are engaging.  Not recommended for the easily offended, however.
What a crazy guy, lectures are energetic but not very connected which makes not taking extremely hard.  Fun class, he just expects a whole lot.  Does he reming anyone else of Willem Dafoe in Boondock Saints&#63;
casper is like panning for gold, most of the time its just sand, but every once in a while a small spec of the shiny stuff appears.  watch closely, its easy to miss...
Awful
one of my most inspirational teachers. I miss him!
I thought some of his ideas were crazy, but now that I'm also teaching cinema I realize he's right most of the time.
Inspired!  I wish all my teachers had his enthusiasm!
No Comments
No Comments
He knows so much about film and is a fun lecturer. Though, it is really scary when he walks down the rows and randomly calls on you. Otherwise, he's very entertaining.
Like Simon very American Idol&#63;  Hmm... separated at birth&#63;  Fun class.
A classy teacher with a silver tongue.
Incredibly obnoxious.
No Comments
No Comments
one strange dude
we all love Casper- get to know him and he'll pick on you but love you all year!
He's very nutty! don't take him!
He's enthusiastic, but he's very intimidating.
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
He's just too cool
he can be a little over-the-top.  and he hates post-modernism
Great professor
Casper is a great teacher. He's fun and energetic and he is an overall good teac
1121045	Tony	Lin	107
I'm so glad I took 310 with Professor Lin. He has an incredible talent for connecting statistics to the real world, and the enormous amount of work put into this class proved to be very rewarding. The best professor I've had at USC thus far.
I wasn't interested in statistics before I took the class with him, and I didn't know his reputation when choosing. But I'm glad I got him, because I don't think I would have learnt much in the other sections otherwise. His real life examples and cases force you to think critically and enforces the "applied statistics" part. Highly recommended!
This class is by the far the hardest BUAD310 so skipping classes is not suggested as it puts you far behind. Super relieved that it is finished. Professor Lin is a great teacher and the class is rewarding.
Tony Lin is an epic teacher. He will push you to your statistical limits, and make you hate the class at some points. However, you will learn more from his stats class than any other. A great class for dedicated students WHO WANT AN EDUCATION.
This class is without a doubt the hardest class at Marshall. If you can take this class, nothing in Marshall will scare you. He really teaches alot of real life application of excel and statistics. However, the most valuable thing he teaches is not the technical stuff but  critical thinking, something I've definitely come to use in my job everyday.
Most of college is not intended to give you specific knowledge needed for your future but rather to teach you how to think. Tony Lin does just that.
He is one of the best professors USC if not the best. He might promise you that you might suffer in this class but you could learn what you're supposed to learn in college. He is a professor who will not let you down and always keep his promises. He's also a great mentor who is knowledgeable and willing to help. It means more than a letter grade.
An absolutely fantastic professor who opens his students' eyes to both the applicability of statistics to the business world (which, judging from my friends' experiences w/ other profs in 310, is unique to him) and to countless real-world life lessons (plot your data; don't trust management). There is no teacher Marshall needs more than Tony Lin.
I have never felt more prepared for the real world after taking this class. Sure, there were times I was in utter frustration looking at excel tables until 3 AM and "silently praying" before one of the deathly midterm examinations. But, it was all worth it and I feel sorry for the future SC students that don't get to experience a Tony Lin lecture.
Tony Lin is awesome. His class is really tough but the tough classes are always the ones you actually learn in. My stats class with Tony Lin was one of the best I've ever taken at Marshall
Prospective students: make a decision about whether you want an easy A or learn something. If you want an easy A, find a different professor. Seriously. If you actually want to put the 6k you're paying to good use, Dr. Lin is your man. Tony Lin is an amazing and amazingly overqualified professor. DO NOT MISS YOUR CHANCE TO TAKE HIS CLASS!!!
Interesting class. If you have an intuitive understanding of math and how it is applied to the real world, you should have no problems making an A. Perhaps, the fact that so many students struggle with this class is a testament to the miseducation of American youth.
getting an A is not that hard. Just put some effort. Great class.
Lin provides tools that will give you a leg up in both the real world and subsequent courses. However, the exams questions were largely written by other professors who clearly did not emphasize real world applications so the tests can seem to be a bit unrelated to the lectures if you do not understand that his style is different. Great Professor!!!
Hard work, challenging concepts, interesting/engaging topics. Be prepared to spend a lot of time on this class (and please go to class) but as much as I struggled (and killed my gpa), I really do miss this class.
Tony is one of my favorite professors so far! He is really good at explaining concepts and challenging students' faith in everything. If you actually want to learn something, then DO take his class! You will learn so many real world lessons in the lectures! Study groups are so helpful and you will really get to know your classmates!
Never have I been so dissatisfied with a class. If you are a student like myself who prefers structured and organized courses where expectations for tests and assignments are clear, do not take this class. Textbook is never used and practice problems are completely useless in preparation for midterms/final.
TAKE this class! Lectures are interesting and crystal clear. It might be hard, but you'll learn a lot. Discussions on Facebook group are so helpful. Students know each other well after the semester ends; it's really a fun class!
Hands down the best BUAD310 professor!!! Although his materials are hard, they are definitely worth learning. Most of them are real-world examples that give lot of insights. Tony is patient and really knowledgeable. Our class enjoys his cynical jokes so much!!!!
This is a class that you know you are going to miss. This is not one of those, read the textbook, do the example problem classes. You learn about how statistics can save money, rockets, and human lives. The professor, I would say, is one of those who truly deserve the title "teacher." TAKE THIS CLASS. YOU WONT REGRET IT.  and grades are curved
Two most important things I learned 1)Association is not causation 2) Just because someone has a PhD, does not mean everything they say is always right... so PLOT YOUR DATA, and judge for yourself.  By far a very difficult class. But I survived, and if you put in the work.. so will you. GOOD LUCK to the future victi- I mean students :)
Tony Lin is a phenomenal professor... but this is also the hardest class ever. Good luck LOL
This Stats class is the best class that I have ever took at USC during my two years here. I highly recommend you take it if you have time to focus on this one class, because every project will take a while to finish if you want to get a higher grades. Exams are important but I think the projects are more worth learning.
Professor Lin is hands down one of the best teachers at USC. He knows the subject very well and makes sure that everyone passes the class and gets as high a grade as they can. I though I was flunking the class but I ended up getting an A- because of the curve. Professor Lin cares about his students and is always posting helpful things on facebook!
He is one of the most amazing teachers you will ever have. You won't get an A unless you are a genius, but you will learn lessons valuable for life. LOVE TONY LIN. He's a very smart and interesting guy and a teacher that you can keep in your life for ever
If you want to learn actual stat take this class, but your grade will suffer. Most of the time you will learn after you turn in your homework or after you test. Great lectures with sensual examples to keep you awake.
SIMPLY THE BEST. If you want some easy course that gives you an A but in the end you learn nothing, then this course is not for you. If you want to feel learn knowledge that can be applied to real world no matter where you go, this is the class to take. Although you might feel like hell during class, in the end, life lessons are learned.
Don't listen to the losers who say this class is bad. It's extremely difficult, but if you form a group of friends to study and do homework with then it's actually not that bad. Don't take this class if you want a really high GPA, because chances are you'll make a lot of mistakes in the homework. But nevertheless, take this class. It's worth it.
Greatest class I have ever taken. Its going to be tough, yes, but by the end of the semester, you will start feeling like an actual business major. Highly recommended!
An effective educator who listens to students when they have concerns with content and/or clarity. The material is challenging and achieving an understanding requires diligence, but the course itself is very rewarding. Tony moves through the material rapidly at times, but is willing to modify the pace if the students ask him to.
Tony Lin is very passionate about statistics. It would be very beneficial if he tries to slow down the pace of the class by giving some underlying basics more clearly, not speaking too fast and try to cover important stuff rather than everything. Overall its a good course and can be useful in your career and your day to day life.
This course may seem to much too handle especially if you are working.
You will quickly learn to question everything you once believed.  The class is challenging, but Tony has the ability to work in valuable real world examples to show the importance of his subject much more successfully than any teacher I've had.  Another first was his use of a Facebook group to connect with the class and promptly answer questions.
Probably the only stats teacher at USC that actually teaches. AND you don't even have to buy the textbook! ($150+) It's so easy to ask him questions because he has a FB account and he looks out so much for his students. Class is extremely interesting with all the cool examples and funny stories. If you care about your grade, though, then don't take
This class will teach you a lot of thing outside of the usual curriculum that are even more important for you in the long run. Take this class; you won't regret it.
Very hard class, but definitely worth it. I'm so glad that I decided to take Professor Lin's class even though he is the hardest 310 professor at USC. I learned so much and will always remember the life lessons he showed us in my future endeavors. Thanks for a great semester Professor Lin!!
This was probably the hardest class I have ever taken. Not only does Professor Lin make sure you understand the concepts, but also gives you several interesting real world examples for each concept. The homework assignments were brutal but taught us many good lessons that we can take out into the real world. Overall a great class! Thanks again Tony
Interesting? Yes. Hard? More yes. This is a very difficult course but it does have very interesting lessons applicable in the real world. Seriously take everything he says the first couple of lectures completely seriously and decide what you think is best for you.
Don't take this class if you're looking to half ass through the course; only sign if you're looking to be challenged and LEARN statistics. With all that said, great class if you handle a little heat and the professor knows what he teaches. Ge genuinely cares for your well being and will go through hoops to help you out.
Tony Lin is an awesome teacher! 310 was by far one of the most interesting classes I have ever taken--thanks to Lin. As for the difficulty: if you're a quick learner, are good with numbers, are an engineer, or have taken AP Stats, the class really isn't too difficult, in fact it's actually fun to do the HWs!
If you care at all about your grade, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. There. You've been warned. He's arrogant and not helpful in the least. I think he actually gets sick kicks out being deliberately cryptic in answering your questions.
Hands down best 300 level buad prof. Challenging, puts on a serious face, but ultimately wants you to do well and to see practical implications of stats in life. SUPER helpful if you ask for help (you will). Uses relevant examples to make material easier to digest. Expect high stress but I'd do it all over again if i could. Not for the meek/mild.
Difficult, but honestly a great professor.  His examples are relevant and clear, and he keeps you awake during a potentially very boring class.  Aside from that, he's a pretty cool dude, and he really knows his stuff when it comes to accounting.  Trust me, you'll learn a lot.  Just don't get behind.
Best professors in USC
The best professors I ever had!Although the course is difficult
Other 310 classes are somewhat of a joke compared to Professor Lin's class. The man is somewhat arrogant, but he backs this up with penetrating industry insights and admirable enthusiasm. Lectures are very robust and meticulous   with extremely relevant examples. You will DEFINITELY appreciate his this class in the long run.
Whatever is said about Prof Lin,  he is without a doubt extremely dedicated and knowledgeable; he just knows statistics well. It isn't extremely difficult to obtain a good grade if you work hard and ask questions. Overall, I think the strenuous experience  of taking his class has given me a new and rather rigorous way of examining life.
Whatever is said about Prof Lin, he is without a doubt incomparably dedicated and extremely knowledgeable; he just knows statistics well. If you work hard and ask questions, then it isn't difficult to obtain a good grade. I feel like the overall strenuous experience of taking his class has given me a new and rigorous way to examine life.
A truly great professor! He puts a lot of time in his lectures to make them relevant and interesting. Yes this class is very challenging in terms of the hw compared to other teachers but you feel very accomplished. He has been one of my favorite professors so far! Put in the hard work and an 'A'is very possible!
Wonderful professor. Like many have stated, definitely one of the best professors at USC. You will never meet a more dedicated and more enthusiastic professor. He doesn't just teach you statistics, but he teaches how to critically approach a problem. If you want to get your money worth, he is a must take professor!
I had my doubts about the class at times because it is very hard and easy to fall behind, but it's doable with some effort. Prof. Lin is a great professor who cares about his students' learning more than any professor I've had. You really get your tuition's worth in this class. It was difficult and challenging, but I learned a lot. Stick with it!
I don't think the hit this is going to take on my GPA is worth the real life knowledge I allegedly learned. Then again, I'm not interested in a career in stats. Don't take his class if you don't plan on pursuing the subject in the future. But if you do, then it may be helpful. I just wasn't interested in the subject to begin with.
I took this class based on the reviews, expecting to be challenged, work harder, and gain a LOT out of the process. I'm sad to say I was disappointed. I didn't really gain that much except that Lin's really cynical and we should all be too. He's definitely really passionate (all his examples are from data he finds on the news), but not worth it
This class is hard i would much rather take it with him then anyone else. Uses real data to show real world connection to stats. This class is still really hard and Lin might be one the harder teachers. You will be working much harder then other 310 kids but compared to them you will be much more prepared for the real world.
best prof ever. although the stat is not easy, he made the class very interesting. hard grader but nice curve. if you really want to learn something, take his class!
The 2 Stats classes I took previously covered maybe half of this course material. Tony Lin is a genius and compiles very interesting lectures however he approaches the class as if everyone was a Stats Major. Hard Grader but applies a generous curve. Don't expect an easy road at all but if you want a class worth the money take Lin. My mind is blown!
Definitely the best professor ever, you won't regret about the tuition you paid. I enjoy his teaching style. He uses many cases in each lecture and they are very interesting and helpful. He always remind what you need to pay attention in the real world which you seldom learn from other professors. Highly recomend!!!
Although attendance is not mandatory, it is wise to show up. Especially with Prof. Lin, you will be glad you did. The class is difficult, but it is very worthwhile and rewarding in the end. If you stick with it, you will not regret it as you will learn life lessons very applicable to daily life and gain a new profound outlook on numbers.
Very hard class but he teaches well. if you put in effort you will pass. Attendance is mandatory w/ daily participation quizzes. I rarely went to lecture and didn't do the homework so i was failing and dropped. I'm taking him again next semester because he teaches well and i know if i try (study and go to lecture) i can do well.
One of the greatest teachers I've ever had! Even if you're not someone who likes Statistics, his lectures are always relevant because of his emphasis on the real world significance of decision-making. This class is eye-opening, applicable to real world situations, and always entertaining. I actually wish I had the time/money to take it again.
Honestly, Tony Lin is the Statman of epic proportions. If you want an easy class, or a cakewalk, go to community college! This guy is no joke, but he'll leave you with the knowledge you came for. One thing that you learn from this class: Not everything a phD writes is the word of God! Remember the saying, &quot;Lies, damn lies, and statistics!&quot; Enjoy!
Definitely one of the best professors in USC. Although it is really HARD, you will love Tony Lin. None of my classes has a FB group and none of my professors had chat with me on FB. He did much more than a professor. You won't be regret if you choose him!
All those comments are from the 35% the survived the class. Beware, this class is for hard working students only. HW at the end of each lecture, 5 major assignments which are very difficult (even private tutors struggled with it). However, Lin is a genius when it comes to numbers, very interesting guy, and can be funny...  don't expect an A.
Professor Lin asks more of his students than the other professors do. Despite the demanding nature of the course (*cough* homeworks *cough*), I thoroughly enjoyed his class. The lectures were interesting and full of encapsulating real-life examples. This is the first math class I've actually LEARNED the material rather than merely memorizing it.
Tony Lin is the best professor I've ever had. He has a genuine understanding of statistics and makes this class interesting based on that. I feel like I've gotta my money's worth out of this class. He genuiely cares about his students.
If you're genuinely interested in stats, then lin is the teacher for you. but if you're just trying to get through a required class, and math isn't your thing, then you should drop lin's class or prepare to put in A LOT of work to get the grade you want. despite how interesting he makes the class it's still a difficult class to do well in.
I have only 3 points.  #1. I hate math. I'm not mathematically minded and I barely passed MATH 218, the requirement for this course.  #2. I'd like to say I worked my a@$ off the entire semester to pull my C- (...the only C- I've ever been proud of) and I learned more in a semester of this class than I have about math in my previous 3 years of c
I will admit that the class is useful for the real world. I do no think however that the class has to be this hard, but maybe I'm wrong. If you're good at math and statistics you could take the class but for all others stay away. I suggest taking an easier professor but sitting in Lin's lectures. This is the only C i have got ever...
You will learn more in this class than you will in most of your other classes at USC. The class won't be easy but it is definitely worth it looking back at it now.
Tony Lin is without fail the toughest most clean cut example of a college professor who is still trying his hardest to prove he is more intelligent than his students. Any teacher that says openly on the first day of class that 50% of his students will fail or withdraw seems to have his priorities in the wrong place. Horrible teacher. Stay Away!
One of the hardest professors out there, but also one of the best.  I remember going into that class getting a quiz score of 3/10 week after week.  However, with enough work, i ended up with an a-, and trust me its worth the work.  One of the best and most interesting professors at USC by a mile.
THIS GUY IS RIDONKULOUS.. but still awesome. Oh my goodness I never thought I'd be so happy to see a B- at the end of class. I feel... at peace. I feel... ready to retire and live out my days on a beautiful beach with a corona in hand.. but i'm still 19. Damn it. Seriously, GREAT professor. I actually enjoyed going to this class. Man up nd TAKE IT.
the Best professor i ve ever seen in Marshall. quizzes and exam are very helpful especially for those who wanna take CFA level 2. actually i ve already taken MATH 407 and 408 before enrolling this course but still found this was the most useful class of all the three.
This class is one of the most interesting classes I have taken at USC. Although it requires ALOT of work you feel so accomplished when you are done with it.
probably one of the best teachers ive had at USC. He knows his stuff and has a cynical sense of humor that once you get over the harshness of his tests, you learn to appreciate. quite practical and useful information and well hey, i lived and got an A. Im living testament to say that even hell isnt all that bad. Study hard and do readings
One of the best profs I have taken at SC ! Don't let the low quiz score in the beginning(or even till the middle of the sem)discourage you, for Prof Lin will start to make the quizes easier towards the end. The finals,which accounts for a large part of the grade, is definitely managable. I was getting a C until I aced the final and end up with a b+
A class that truly makes you think. Going into it, I was terrified, and poor quiz scores week after week didn't much help. After thinking that I just may fail the class, I devoted a little more time to it. I engaged myself fully in the material and truly learned it, instead of learning it to repeat it on a test. Did well and glad I stuck it out!
For those who are grade-conscious and absolutely need good grades--to go to law/med school or what not--I would like to highly advise you NOT to take this class.  The class will not only destroy your grades, but also your self-esteem, confidence, and faith in humanity.  For all others, sure go ahead and take the class if you want.
This guy has revolutionized the world of teaching to me. Every other professor, in every subject, should take this course and see what it is to be a real professor. The class is hard as hell, but if you want to be stimulated and actually LEARN in college, take it. In a grade-centered society this class delivers application.
Took this class for a day and dropped, he made ridiculous remarks about over half of the class will fail and drop before the end, thats what students want to hear from their teacher on the first day
He gives out interesting real world examples but other than that very bad prof If you want to learn anything about statistics take someone else because honestly he does not teach. His practice problems are useless because what he tests you on is something you will have never seen before and if you ask for help he says that uncertainty is real world
Tony Lin teaches a tough Stats class, and he knows it. Regardless, this was one of the most enlightening classes I've ever taken. Fascinating real-life examples, panic-inducing quizzes. I hated the work involved, but oh, did it feel good when I got the problems correct.
Do you have the math balls for Tony Lin's class&#63; Cause if you don't, go ahead and go to one of the other sections and repeat 218 again. The class is very hard unless you have an aptitude for math, but it's also the most interesting math class I've ever taken. Best stats teacher at the school - if you're willing to put in the work.
Best class in college, great real life examples, clear explanations, interesting lectures, makes me think for the first time that my college tuition was well spent, however the class was not as difficult as people have said.
best prof ive ever had. my least favourite subject too.
Tony Lin's BUAD 310 section is hard, but he understands this. His curve helps in the end. The weekly quizzes keep you on your toes.  What I did was redo all the problems in the lectures prior to each quiz. If you get stuck, he is very helpful through e-mail. This isn't a class for people looking to do no work.
One of the best professors in the Marshall School of Business. Tough, but an extremely worthwhile and memorable class.
Tony teaches a tough class, no doubt. But he brings in a lot of problems from his work which keep an otherwise boring class interesting. You're going to feel like you're getting your butt handed to you on the tests, but whomever is in his class I'm sure is learning a lot more than other sections.
Great class. All real world data-set, studies and examples to illustrate statistical concepts. But perhaps in the syllabus the prof should make a little warning: for those who want to simply get an easy grade, and for those who are less bright, this is not the class for you. But, you'll miss a great chance to learn a lot.
Tony Lin is a really really smart guy. You can learn a lot from him. He pushes his students and makes class & exams challenging, but it's not bad with the curve. Examples & exam questions are very relevant, real world examples that would be interesting to college students. As I am about to graduate, I think he's one of the best profs I had at USC!
This class is pretty difficult, but it covers much more material comprehensively than other sections on the same topic. If your willing to put in some effort I highly reccomend the class. The Statman knows whats he's talking about, listen up.
Put simply, Professor Lin's stats class is probably the hardest you will take at USC, but it will also be the best class you will have taken here.
BAdass
This class is extremely difficult, but if you pay attention to the concepts, the material taught can be very useful. His real world examples can really help you in real life, even if you can't remember for the life of you how to mathematically solve a problem. The curve makes this class manageable - I got a 50% on the final and still got an A.
If you think Stats easy Think Again!!! The real world examples will kill you. You will get frustrated but hang on there. Tony Lin, will help you to the fullest. He will explain you the concept over and over again if you ask him to. His class is not easy but i promise you will feel that you benefited from it and you will use it in the real world.
Given the fact that statistics, in and of itself, is utterly incomprehensive without a serious effort on part of the student, I applaud Tony Lin for being able to make the class interesting and engaging every single time attending. The fascinating and original presentations of how to apply stats to any situation makes Tony Lin's class awesome.
Professor Lin's class is by far the hardest at the university.  The book he chooses is completely useless so it would be better to not buy it.  I thought he sucked but as I go through my life I continue to remeber how to do stats (I didnt feel like i learned anything while in the class).  I credit my knowledge to him though i didnt realize til now
Prof Lin's 310 class was beyond hard and will probably be one of the hardest classes you take at SC. It all sounds intimidating but he is a very, very, very fair grader and he understands progress. He seems to be able to tell how much effort his students put in, and if you do put in effort, you will get the grade you deserve. Stick with it.
People, work on your quizzes. They WILL help your grades! Also, do take time to read the questions, they inundate you with info, but you gotta study to know which ones to use. If you learn nothing from this class (which I highly doubt), just remember &quot;association does not mean causation&quot;
This class will work you hard.  You will be confused at times. However, Lin real world examples make for an extremely valuable, practical business statistics class.  He teaches in a way that makes you think about what you are learning and engage in the problems.  Be ready for a tough time.  But also be ready to learn more than any other 310 class.
Ok, Lin is a hard teacher. Does that mean the class is challenging&#63; Yes. Does that mean you can't succeed&#63; No.  All it takes to do well in this class is to ask questions and pay attention. If you are too shy to ask a question in class, send him an email or post it on Facebook (trust me its much cooler and more useful than it sounds)
Professor Lin is an extremely intelligent and super hard teacher but his class is definitely worth taking. Start asking questions from day 1, ask him for practice problems, talk to students who have taken the class, and form study groups. you're going to need it!
It's been a while since his class and my friends and I will still talk about what a great teacher he was.  With everyone paying so much in tuition, this was probably one of the only classes where I felt I got my money's worth.  Not the easiest path but the most worthwhile.
To continue my comment, this is the only stats class that I had fun in. Professor Lin has a great, sometimes cynical :), sense of humor, and he is very enthusiastic about his material. Also, he is open to help those who need it, so don't be afraid if you didnt understand the material. Lastly, you are missing out if you don't take this class.
Experiencing Tony's class was probably one of the most beneficial experiences in my life. Some say he his incredibly hard, which is not entirely wrong; you will have to work to get a good grade in his class. However, you will know so much more from taking his class, even if you don't get an A, then if you were taking another 310 class.
He is a really hard teacher, but teaches some of the most practical and useful stuff of any class I've ever taken.  This is the only class that I've actually used the notes in later classes.  This class is worth the effort.
Wow this guy is hard. He goes so fast through the material. Once he read a problem, said &quot;yada yada yada&quot; and just totally skipped over the math and went straight to the answer. So the whole class was in the dark on how he got there. How are we supposed to learn math when we just &quot;yada yada yada&quot; right over it&#63;&#63;&#63;
668739	Jay	Fisher	90
Jay is one of those rare teachers who can relate with his students on pop culture references at the peer-level, yet also demand of them accountability, conscientiousness, and constantly improving efforts. He called me out on my chronic procrastination, radically improved the way I write, and offered general life mentorship. TAKE HIS CLASS..
Jay is one of the best teachers USC has to offer. He is incredibly passionate about teaching and will stop at nothing to make sure you have all the tools you need to succeed. Not only is he an outstanding professor, but he also truly cares about his students and will go out of his way to help them in any way he can. Highly, highly recommended. 
If you have to take any writing class, take it with Jay. He is among the best that USC has to offer and you will NOT regret it. If you come into his class thinking you're a poor writer, he'll make you great one. If you come into his class thinking you're a great writer, he'll only make you greater. The journey won't be easy, but totally worth it.
Fisher is an outstanding instructor and an even more outstanding individual.  His enthusiasm & energy is second to none.  I found his course entertaining, instructional, and most importantly, relevant.  Although demanding, Prof Fisher is fair, consistent, and highly respected by peers and students alike.  TAKE HIS COURSE(S).
Jay is one of the best teachers I've had at USC. He makes class interactive and fun, while seriously making sure you learn a lot. All my friends hated their Writing 140150 teachers and did really badly, but I had the opposite experience. Jay makes sure you do well if you've worked hard and is very approachable. STRONGLY recommend this teacher. 
He is so helpful and very caring about each student. If you listen to his feedback you can easily do better throughout the rest of the semester. It's not an easy class per say, but if you put in the work, it definitely pays off.
Jay is definitely one of the most entertaining and caring professors I've had at USC. He's always there to help, very approachable, and makes class time fly by. You definitely have to put in the effort to get the grade but it's worth it. 
Jay Fisher is one of the most caring, helpful, and entertaining professors I have had at USC. He is always available to hold a phone conference with me about my writing assignment. During our discussion, he points me in the right direction by making clear suggestions as to how I could make my paper stronger. I strongly recommend him as a professor!
I simply couldn't ask for a better writing professor. WRIT150 is a very demanding class but Jay is so committed to help every single student to improve, which makes the writing process full of fun and fulfilment. He is also humorous, caring, and very approachable. I always felt that I grew to be a better writer after each assignment. RECOMMEND
Writing 150 is a difficult and demanding class no matter who you have as a professor.  However, Jay always provided guidance and help throughout the entire writing process.  I grew as a writer through his extremely helpful feedback in class and during his one-on-one conferences. He is also very understanding and provides extensions on assignments.
Jay is probably one of the most caring, genuine, and hilarious professors you will ever meet. He has a sparkling sense of humor, is very approachable, and makes himself always available for his students. This class will be challenging, but if you put in your best efforts, this class with Jay will be most definitely worthwhile. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
We all know that Writing 140/150 is dreaded by USC freshman and sophomores BUT Jay makes the class fun! His high emphasis on peer reviewing definitely helped me become a better writer. Definitely recommend having him for Writing at USC!
We all know WRIT 140 sucks (a lot) but Jay made it at least worthwhile. Funny guy, creates a good class dynamic, and is really there to help you learn to write. Grading seems to be relative, as he mostly looks for improvement - so if you suck at writing, its ok. If you join a frat while in his class, he'll also probably help with easing deadlines.
Jay is an incredible professor overall. He truly cares about each and everyone of his students and enhancing their writing abilities in new ways. His humor and great character make him approachable and he is always willing to help as much as possible. If anything, he is THE professor to have for Writing 140 and was an incredible blessing to have.
Jay is an excellent professor and an excellent person. He genuinely cares about each and every student and will work with them to make sure they do their very best. While it can be a bit difficult to figure out exactly what he wants at times, he is always very easy to talk to and approachable when problems come up. He rocks!!
With his humor, insight, and the respect he displayed toward students, Jay made this class truly enjoyable and thought-provoking. He is ALWAYS willing to help and genuinely wants students to succeed. Whenever I felt stuck, he would help me work through my problems until I was not only content with but excited about my paper. OUTSTANDING professor!!
If you choose to take any other teacher's writing section, you're crazy. You have to work hard and apply yourself in his class, but he ALWAYS goes out of his way to help his students. He has a terrific sense of humor and a genuine love and talent for helping his students improve their writing (a lot). I've never had a more influential teacher!!
Great professor, easily approachable, and genuinely cares about his students. The class was challenging, but he grades fairly and provides valuable insight in all steps of the writing process. WRIT 130/140 is a lot of work, but his class is probably the most painless and will make you a better writer if you're willing to try. Definitely recommend!
One of the best professors I've had at USC. Extremely helpful during office hours.  Great conversationalist.
Overall great professor and really cool person to have a conversation with. Loves teaching and tries to bring as much fun to his lectures as possible. Fair grader. Very helpful during office hours. I definitely recommend taking WRIT class with him.
Couldn't have asked for a better writing 140 professor! He is honestly committed to improving your writing skills, and is willing to help you in any way possible. He also has a great sense of humor which keeps class light and fun. A challenging class but final grades were surprisingly good for everyone. Would highly recommend him for writ 140
Professor Jay was extremely helpful! Honestly, if you're going to take writing 140 and think it's easy think again! This class is not a piece of cake, but Jay is always accessible and easy to get in contact with via phone and email for conferences. His class requires time and in depth research but is well worth it in the end!
I had heard rumors about Writ 130/140 but he even took the time to address all our concerns on the very first day. He is very approachable and the best professor I've had at SC thus far. I had a wonderful time in his class, which was both entertaining and informative. He grades fairly, you'll get as much as you put into this class.
Awesome class! You will have to work but Jay gives you the tools to succeed and is willing to help. The class is interesting and I definitely left a better writer.
She is the best! Cool and funny...and all her writing topics are actually interesting!
Jay is absolutely awesome. If a writing 140 section is available that he teaches, TAKE IT!
Professor FIsher is one of the few professors that I can personally  say you will enjoy learning from. He will evolve your writing skills ,and you'll have a good time in class. Fisher develops a personal relationship with his students, and is a great person to stay in touch with down the road. I highly suggest taking him if you can.
Beyond being an awesome and interactive professor, Jay is a great guy. Prior to this class, I hated writing and did not see the point it. After taking this class and constantly working with Jay, I was able to see that writing papers teaches you so much more about subject and helps you uncover deeper meanings about subjects. My most memorable class.
Jay is super nice, and one of the the chillest professor I've had. His suggestions and constructive criticism was very helpful in improving my writing and the class was very interesting.
The kindest and most helpful professor I have had at USC!  This class isn't a cake walk, but don't worry!  Jay is very invested in the success of his students.  With his guidance and a little effort, you are sure to come out of this class for the better. Two years later, Jay is still willing to help me out with recs and advice! A great class!
Jay is a blast to have in class. If you're a freshman then be relieved because he will become a prof you can go to for anything. Don't mistake his jovial attitude though, Jay sure knows how to write. If you listen to his suggestions your writing will improve tenfold in one semester. A lot of work but the payoff and relationship with Jay is worth it
amazing teacher!!! jay was awesome like no other!!! i hate writing, and i suck at it, but jay stimulated my interest. i worked my butt off, going to the writing center all the time and always asking for his feedback, and i ended up with A-. he's also good to have conversations with and will be more than just a teacher after the class
Jay is a goofball that took me some getting used to, but once I did I noticed what a compassionate and understanding individual he is. He's got a great sense of humor and connects well with even the most introverted of his students. Most importantly, he's intelligent, and if you take his edits and insights seriously your writing will improve.
Jay is a really great professor and a really great guy. I learned a lot from him and he was the first professor I became familiar enough with to ask for a letter of rec. I highly recommend taking a class with him. It may seem difficult, but it will definitely be worth it.
Jay leads an fun and interesting class, and you can tell he wants his students to be passionate about their writing. It took me a while to understand what he was looking for in my essays, but once I understood what he wanted, my writing really started to reflect what the assignments were looking for. Awesome and genuinely caring guy.
Lots of professors are smart, but Jay is that one in a dozen who has the knowledge to teach effectively & enthusiastically. A year after taking WRIT 140, I still refer back to my notes & the skills Jay taught us whenever I have a writing task-- be it a cover letter for a job or a term paper. Most encouraging & witty prof I've had. Take his class!
In the four years I spent at USC, Jay Fisher was one of the most memorable professors I had, and one of the most helpful. Jay has a unique passion for his students. He truly cares for them and wants to see them succeed. He also has an unusual understanding of the college experience and is able to mentor his students both academically and personally
I was very apprehensive coming into this course because of the reputation it has around campus.  However, Jay's style of teaching made the class more than bearable, but truly enjoyable.  As for the person whose writing style "digressed", I couldn't disagree more.  My writing and research abilities have increased greatly and I truly owe it to Jay.
Jay makes funny jokes. I won't lie: WRIT-140 is difficult but you can get an A if you work hard and adapt. He is ALWAYS available for extra help and spends a lot of time writing detailed comments on papers. His comments teach you to be more cogent and dive deeper into your writing. Talk to Jay if you are struggling. He really is a great teacher!
Jay is a very funny instructor and does keep the class interesting and enjoyable to be in. As for writing, he has caused my writing ability to digress. He will help you with papers as long as you ask for it but his expectations cause your writing to be superficial and of no real substance. Love the man, hate the class and his teaching.
At first, I struggled with understanding his expectations, but I realized that if I just asked, he could give a very clear description. In my section, I was the only one to get an A, though a few people did get an A-. Based on what I've heard about other WRIT140 professors, Jay is the most helpful and invested. TAKE HIS CLASS
Jay is the greatest writing professor you will come by. Most writing professors only show up to criticize you. Jay actually teaches, and he does so with a great personality. Half the battle of learning in a classroom for me is finding a way to engage with the content, yet I never had to force myself to catch interest for Jay's charisma. Choose him.
Jay is a very funny professor. He definitely keep the class lively and interesting. He will help you organize your thoughts for the writing. As long that you are willing to put in the work, you will be able to get a good grade
Jay is hard, but fair. He is willing to work with his students on a personal level to help them succeed, which for me ended up be extremely helpful. He is fun, personable, and makes class interesting. Expect to work hard in his class, but don't be afraid to reach out if the class is a struggle. Highly recommended!
JTF takes one of the hardest classes in the university and makes it not only palatable, but entertaining and clear. He focuses on one-on-one relationships with students to provide personal feedback on your writing instead of general commentary. Take his class if you have the opportunity; you'll be in a good position for success
Jay is able to keep all his students engaged in class through his humor and he places a large emphasis on evolution rather than improvement to push students to be the best writers they can be. Writing 140 has been one of the most difficult, yet rewarding classes I have taken to date, mainly thanks to the unwavering support and thoughtfulness of Jay
Jay is one of the best professors I have had at USC. He helps you improve as a writer by working with you personally and providing helpful feedback on your assignments. He genuinely cares about his students, which is reflected through the time he invests in helping you  on each assignment.
Jay is by far the best professor I have had at USC. Though his class was challenging, he is engaging and entertaining. Jay really takes the time to work with you so that you are constantly improving your writing. I can honestly say that he truly cares about his students and that is a quality you cannot very well find in other professors.
Previous reviewers are right in saying that Jay takes a genuine interest in his students- that is probably his best quality as a teacher.  He also sets up his classes in a way where you learn much more than writing skills- public speaking, critical thinking, peer reviewing.  Great and engaging teacher!!
Jay is one of those rare professors who makes class fun and engaging. While his class was certainly challenging (how many Writ 140 classes aren't!) what makes his class better and why I would recommend any class he teaches is because of his ability to communicate the importance of what he's teaching on a larger scale than just his class.
Jay Fisher has endless strengths as a professor, however, what distinguishes him the most from other professors that I?ve had at USC is the simple fact that he truly believes in his students and will spend time working with you to improve your writing. Class was always lively and very interesting. I highly recommend having Jay as a professor!
Fisher is an incredible teacher, challenging his students to produce exceptional work. He has the rare and unique ability to be both your best friend and your toughest critic, and because of this my writing skills improved tenfold under his guidance. His passion for teaching and commitment to his students is undeniable.  Always a fun time in class!
Jay is definitely one of the best teachers that I had while at USC.  He is always readily available to help with useful comments that have drastically improved my writing.  He was a very fair but tough grader.  He's a pretty funny guy and always made classes enjoyable for everyone.  I would definitely recommend this class to anyone!
Jay is an awesome writing professor and I would take his class again in a heartbeat! He challenges you to become a better writer, but in a good way.  The classroom environment is both fun and engaging.  You are sure to have a lot of laughs and improve your writing tremendously in Jay's class.
Jay is the best writing 340 professor available. The classes were very interesting and he always kept the students engaged. I definitely saw a major improvement in my writing and recommend this class to all students.
Jay is probably one of the best writing professors I have ever had, hands down.  He is friendly and laid back and very helpful. Taking this class was well worth my time.  I would highly recommend him to anyone.
Jay was an incredible teacher! After hating 140 I was kind of dreading 340, but Jay turned it into one of my favorite classes at USC. He is challenging but in a good way, and he improves your writing significantly. He also keeps a great classroom environment, and I think pretty much everyone in the class enjoyed themselves.
Jay was clearly one of the most helpful and entertaining professor I have ever had at USC. I improved my writing greatly and truly enjoyed the time spent in his class. Jay encourages constant student interaction; we had countless stimulating discussions. I would highly recommend him to any an all!
Jay was the best professor I had at USC in terms of helping me achieve my goals and improve as a writer.  He was very helpful in terms of utilizing his expertise in the field.  Also following my time as his student, we continued to talk and now he has written a letter of recommendation on my behalf for my admission to grad school and for jobs.
Jay is an amazing professor. I really recommend taking his class! Because I am a Business Major, I was intimidated by his class (we usually take an easier course to fulfill our writing requirement). I told Jay this, and he helped me the entire semester. I actually IMPROVE my writing skills. He was genuine in his efforts and very easy to contact!
Amazing, laid back professor who really tries to get to know every single student well. Unlike other 340 classes, you have to put many hours of work into his assignments, but in the end you come out with very useful analytical writing skills.
Jay is awesome. Few professors have challenged me as much as he did and he makes your time, effort, and usc tuition worth it. Hes not a prof that knows you as the girl who sits in back left corner with curly hair but instead he cares about and takes his time to get to know each student. Basically hes like the wise hilarious uncle you never had.
Jay is very humorous and his sessions are very lively and enjoyable. Great learning experience!
You have to work hard for this class but the effort will pay back. You actually learned how to write with clarity. After revisions, feedback, conference and peer-review, you will realize there's no single wasted word in your essay. It's not a free A. You have to earn it. But hey, it's worth it.
First and foremost, Jay's not as easy as most other WRIT340 teachers. You're going to have to work for the grade (no free A's here).  But that being said, his feedback and guidance are amazing.   Definitely an invaluable learning experience that's more than worth that little bit of extra work.
Great teacher. Grades hard, but really makes the class enjoyable. Would take again.
Jay is unlike any professor I had ever had. While he wasn't afraid to give me compliments about my writing, his criticism was what I benefited most from. Every once in a while, we all need a kick in the pants to wake us up...Jay provided me with that kick. For that, I say thank you Jay.
Jay is a rare example of a professor who truly values working with his students.  He is outgoing and funny, but he also knows how to stimulate serious discussion and analysis.  He teaches you to write with full persuasiveness, and guides you to become a confident communicator.  He is a hard teacher, but one of the best at USC.
Jay was awesome! He was ridiculously funny, but also knew when to get down to business.  His kind and constructive feedback caused my writing skills to improve a great deal.  Most importantly, he made sure to personally connect with each and every student. Take his class
Jay is a great writing professor, although you can't call him professor.  No the class is not an easy A.  You have to work hard and push yourself to become a better writer, but with any kind of growing you have growing pains.  Jay gets to know every student in the class and works with you to improve your work. Take his class he's great and funny!
Jay is an incredible teacher. I feel fortunate to have learned from him and believe that my writing abilities greatly improved as a result of his instruction. It's also worthwhile to note that even two years later after taking his course we are still in contact. He really cares about his students and sense of humor makes it easy to work with him.
I feared Writ340, and I waited until my last semester of college to take it.  Surprisingly, it was one of my fav undergrad classes at USC. Jay made each class fun, entertaining, and as painless as possible. My writing really improved throughout the semester, and I'm really glad I got to take his Writ340 class. Thank you, Jay!
Ridiculously awesome.
Ridiculously awesome!
Without a doubt my favorite and best professor -- and yes, there is a difference. For anyone who thinks Jay is writing his own reviews please feel free to give me a call (213)268-0738 and I (Rob) would be more than happy to explain in detail what a positive impact he has made in my collegiate career.
Learned way more than I thought I would and enjoyed the class a lot more than I expected.
Jay is an excellent professor with an awesome sense of humor. I am grateful to have taken his class. He was more than willing to help me in and out of the classroom. His teaching methods made me enjoy writing. Jay acknowledged my strengths and never criticized my writing. I have become a much better writer. I HIGHLY recommend his course to everyone
He is awesome, learned a lot and just a great professor, gives helpful tips and really is genuinly interested in your achievment in the class. HE'S GREAT!!!
Jay is a terrific professor. He brings a lot of enthusiasm and energy to the classroom, which rubs off on his students. His personable nature makes him easy to approach, which is especially beneficial in a writing course, and his feedback on assignments is thorough. I would certainly recommend Jay to any student looking to take this course.
Jay is my favorite professor.  He is extremely funny and makes class entertaining (I was actually excited to go to class!).  On top of that, he is a GREAT writing teacher.  He dramatically improved my writing and essay skills.  Because of what he taught me, my grades on my essays for other classes improved as well.  I definitely recommend him!!
Professor Fisher is an outstanding professor. His maintains an energetic style of teaching that when combined with his great sense of humor makes for an inspiring and hard working classroom environment. I strongly believe that my writing abilities vastly improved under his guidance and would of course recommend him to any other student.
Jay is a great teacher. He makes it mandatory to meet w/ him before each paper is due for 15 minutes, where he tells you where to find more info, and how to improve your writing. This is extremely helpful in becoming a better writer & researcher. Jay is also very available & approachable, and gets to know his students well, making class enjoyable.
Jay Fisher was my favorite and coolest professor at USC ever! Jay's teaching style is relaxed and his classroom was always fun! He always provided constructive feed back on all writing assignements and genuinely cares about the well being of all his students. Writing 140 is by nature a challenging course, but taking Jay's class will ease the pain.
(continued) meaningful assignments and got to know us very well, always available via phone or in-person. Fisher has a great sense of humor and always kept our class comfortable/entertained. He has a great outlook on education and is a phenomenal writing professor, whom I would recommend to ANY student looking for an amazing writing experience.
meaningful assignments and got to know us very well, always available via phone or in-person. Fisher has a great sense of humor and always kept our class comfortable/entertained. He has a great outlook on education and is a phenomenal writing professor, whom I would recommend to ANY student looking for an amazing writing experience
(continued) meaningful assignments and got to know each us very well, always available via phone or in-person. Fisher has a great sense of humor and always kept our class comfortable/entertained. He has a great outlook on education and is a phenomenal writing professor, whom I would recommend to ANY student looking for an amazing writing experience
Jay Fisher is by far the greatest professor I have had here at USC. I consider myself an extremely harsh critic of professors in terms of their lecture style, workload, genuine care for their students, and overall ability to convey information. Fisher exceeded expectations and astonished me and my classmates in each of these categories. He gave us
Jay is an effective WRIT-140 instructor who is dedicated to helping his students improve their argumentative writing skills.  He is a great mentor, giving clear and focused feedback on papers. Jay encourages you to try your best, and it definitely pays off in the end.  Don't miss out on the JT Fisher experience!  :)
Jay is a great teacher
No Comments
1017129	Nimfa	Bemis	82
Always made extra time for me when I didn't understand everything. She would even email me to double check and make sure I understood the material. 
I took it last semester and still keep connection with her, my words will be more persuasive to some extent. she showed her respect to the students, trying to remember the whole class names. always there before, after class and in her office hour. give career advice, intimate, clearly explain content, inspiring atmosphere. the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
She is so unorganised!!! Learn nothing from her classes. She asked students to come up and did elementary level math calculations on the board, which took up more than half of the class time!!! So much workload with no clear instructions. Case studies for an eco class, 4 quizzes and 4 examsGlad that I dropped it at the last moment!
She's an unfair grader. I learned nothing in her class. You have to memorize all the stupid formulas and all you learn is how to plug in numbers. She definitely doesn't know how to properly allocate class time and always have to rush through material. She's very reluctant to give PRACTICE PROBLEMS even if we asked for it. Worst professor ever.
She will know you by name so don't skip class! Very sweet professor unless you interrupt her. She loves  her students and is very passionate about teaching therefore lectures are interesting and go by quick. The group project is fun ! make sure to show some sincerity in her class and take notes! You won't need the book. You need to study to pass!
She is Confusing!!!!!!!
I took this class after reading the reviews on here but besides her energy she is a terrible teacher. She is very unclear in her grading and your final grade is definitely heavily influenced by whether or not she likes you. She also does not let you see your tests or quizzes and your grades except for 5 minutes during class. Would not recommend.
I really like her spunk but besides that, she isn't a  very good teacher. Her lectures are very unclear and she doesn't explain anything. She is helpful in her office hours, but she is unreliable in that she will have them and then not be there. Her final was DISASTROUS, went to the review, studied and nothing was on there.
Bemis is a great teacher. She's usually clear when lecturing, but you need to attend class and pay attention. She's also very willing to help if you seek it. Sit in the front row and listen and you should do well. She memorizes everyone's names, is super funny, and loves her students and her job. It's a tough class, but I learned a lot.
pay attention in class, go to office hours (especially the classes before the tests) and go to her review sessions and you will get an A. Don't do those things and get a C or F. I had no backround in the class and it was fine
She is the best.
She is by far the best professor I've had at USC. For a PR major who hates math, she made the class interesting and inspired me to pursue a business minor. She makes you work for the A, but is always available in office hours and genuinely cares about her students in and out of the classroom. 
Her lectures make simple concepts difficult and hard to grasp. Although I did well in the class, she was the reason I did not pursue a minor in business, even though I was set on it coming into this class. She is one of the worst professors I've had at USC.
Professor Bemis is easily one of my favorite professors at USC She is so sweet and always willing to help if you put in the work. The material was not interesting, but straightforward. She takes into consideration your improvement and definitely helps you out with your final grade if sees you are trying. Test are tricky but just go to office hours
You will learn the formulas but nothing related to real-world finance. Doesn't understand students' questions and doesn't take the effort to explain clearly. If you don't have some background knowledge in finance you are going to be so confused.
Nice woman and good teaching style, but cannot get past her ego. You will leave her class knowing literally nothing about finance except bond ratings and other arbitrary info. Arrogant, doesn't clarify material, only repeats it over and over. Incredibly disorganized. Her guest speakers taught me more about finance than she did.
One of my favorite professors at SC. Takes a keen interest in all of her students, willing to help clarify concepts and extend office hours. Truly cares about each individual in her class and will work with you to get you the grade you want.
She is one of my favorite teachers at SC. She makes the class hard, but if you go to class and show her that you're trying she'll try to help you get a good grade
May know finance herself, but definitely does not know how to teach. Will just repeat whatever she said in the first place if you have any questions. Disorganized and inefficient ways of doing things like handing out tests individually in alphabetical order... not posting solutions online... I can go on. She is in her own bubble.
Best professor ever.
For BUAD 306, every single teacher gives you all the formulas EXCEPT for dr. Bemis. BUT, she is an amazing teacher. she memorizes every single person's name, where they're from, what they like to do, etc. she will go out of her way to plan review sessions on the weekends and will do anything to help. She wants you to learn and grow and shows it
She is HILARIOUS and makes an effort to know every student. She calls on you during class to get you to participate. Concepts and mathematics are complicated. Take good notes, do the hw, and go to office hours and the difficult exams will seem easier. Put in the work! Minimal homework.
She was a good professor. I enjoyed her class, especially her business experiences.
Very stressful class. Concepts from the first half of class are very easy but tests are near impossible (I think class average on second test was a low C). Several people failed second test. If you show up every day, show her that you are making an effort and trying hard she will give you the grade she thinks that you deserve.
Great teacher. Very enthusiastic about what she teaches. Remembers every student by name and knows when you don't show up. Helpful and knowledgeable about the subject. Minimal homework with a few tests. Definitely gives you a grade bump if she likes you.
Professor Bemis is easily the most influential professor I have had. She cares about her students and makes an effort to get to know them. Her class is tough if you are not willing to put the work in but if she sees that you are a hard worker she will do whatever she can to help you, including extending office hours to weekends and late nights.
Dr. B is the most enthusiastic prof. She calls you out in class to answer problems and repeats concepts over and over. 2 midterms, 1 final, and other random assignments she basically uses to boost your grade. Just memorize the problems she does in class because they repeat on exams. She is too hyper and a little overwhelming at times.
Great Professor. Really enjoyed her class. She has the greatest intentions and really wants to know her students. A bit disorganized in terms of class structure, but concepts taught are definitely applicable.
very enthusiastic about the course material, but very unorganized teaching, doesn't teach everything on the exam, never responds to emails. Is not very attentive to students during office hours either, has a lot of favorites that she pays more attention to. Dont recommend her unless youre very good at econ already and dont need much help from prof
Dr. Bemis is extremely enthusiastic about her students and the subject, but this enthusiasm does not necessarily translate to good teaching. She often wastes class time on irrelevant subjects. The weeks before the midterms and final were especially stressful because she would have to squeeze in multiple concepts into one class session.
This class was only offered at 8AM, but that's the only non-enjoyable aspect. Bemis makes the class laugh with her random antics, she really wants her students to do well, and is smart. As long as you try and attend every class, she will give you a high grade. No matter what you get on tests, she gives you whatever she thinks you earned. Take her!
Most entertaining class I've ever been in. She's a very nice teacher and definitely gets to know every student she teaches. Information that you need to know isn't difficult the the topics that are difficult she repeats over and over so you understand. Great Professor take this class no matter what.
Dr. Bemis was the funniest professor I had all year, and her kindness and exuberance made the class very enjoyable. She might misunderstand her students sometimes but she has the best intentions. I found the material to be very applicable and interesting, and the concepts were basic and the calculations straightforward. Overall a fun, easy class!
I love Dr. B!! She cares so deeply about her students and will really try to get to know you.  Don't buy the book but always go to class and participate a lot.  The tests are long but fair.  I really enjoyed the class and learned a lot.
Bemis is a very nice person, but not the brightest.  She knows the subject matter, but frequently confuses herself and the class. Flashbacks to high school mediocrity. The book is more useful than the class itself, and sitting through two hours of Bemis' bubbly nonsense is a steeper price to pay than the $100 you'll be out for the book. Clueless.
I miss her already! I've had her for my first ever business class and many of my classmates were intimidated by her expectations and requirements. I loved her challenges because she brought out the best of me. When it was time to go to class- I've always looked forward to go to her class.
Dr. Bemis is AWESOME and anyone who says otherwise didnt take her seriously enough or vastly overestimated their own knowledge. Do your work, participate in class and dont slack off and you will get the grade that you deserve. I have NEVER had a teacher that cared about her students as much as Bemis does and I feel lucky to have her again!
Upbeat professor! Never fell asleep once for this 8AM class. She tries to fit a lot of material in a class and sometimes rushes through the topics. However the topics she rushes through are usually not on the test or just a straightforward question on the exam. Exams are long and NOT easy. It's helpful to study with a group. Practice lots!
Takes the time to remember everyone's name and story. Class is difficult but she makes it as easy as she can. Don't be shy with her and visit her office hours.
Simply put, the people who dislike her got bad grades because they didn't understand the material.This is definitely NOT an easy class, but it's not impossible. This if how you'll do well: ALWAYS go to class (she notices), take really good notes, study your notes THOROUGHLY + go to office hrs with specific questions- she's so helpful!
Bemis hardly gives you enough time to finish her exams and they are either really easy or extremely difficult. She is friendly and really wants you to learn, but you will need to teach yourself outside of class because you won't learn it from her. Avoid if you can, but don't expect a high grade.
DO NOT take 306 with Bemis, the other teachers let you bring cheat sheets into the midterms whereas we memorized long formulas which in the real world u can look up in 5 seconds online. She tests concpts that werent taught in class. Everyone was shell-shocked after the final and are currently worrying about our GPA's...
She DOES give partial credit. Tests are long. She covers all concepts in class hands-on with students. Finance IS quantitative. If you are weak in math, then chances are you won't do well, regardless of the teacher. This is an easy B/B+ so long as you go to class. She is a great teacher and cares about everyone.
She doesn't answer students' questions sufficiently. Tests are extremely time constrained no matter how well you know the material. She grades everybody's test differently, meaning different people will get different points for the same problem. Do not take her if you can help it.
I'm not sure if this is a math class or a finance class, because she rarely teaches us the fundamental finance concept, or perhaps she doesn't have any. It's true that her finance concept is useful for daily lives, but this is a business-major finance class!You learn nothing valuable except saving money for your future life.
Rememebers everyones name, meaning you can NEVER miss class. You do NOT need the textbook,except for the few hworks. Tests are solely off of problems she does in class!! Fun teacher who will sing/dance/bring food to class. However, she crams way too many problems on midtrms/final so cant finish, other teachers allow cheat sheets on test, are easier
Teaches a lot and moves very fast.  When students ask for clarity, she just repeats herself until the student gives up.  You'll learn a lot but don't expect to easily get a good grade. TAKE METICULOUS NOTES ON THE EXAMPLES.
This class is really interesting for a non-business major. It shows you every aspect of basic business and economic theories. And she is passionate about her teaching. It seems like she is friendly to everyone. The only thing is that there are too much questions in the tests. I am a business major and don't need to take this but I stayed here.
You learn nothing about finance in her class but how to use the stupid calculator. She doesn't answer questions. Her PowerPoint slides were created in 1997. No enthusiasm on teaching. She's the only finance Professor who uses the HP12C financial calculator, gives long questions for exams, and doesn't allow cheatsheet!No Bemis!
She is awful. She teaches super fast and hardly answers questions and when you ask them she ridicules you. There is a time consuming group project and a few long hw assignments. The 2 midterms are too long to finish and a bit confusing. The material isnt too hard but if you dont get it right away youre screwed. Dont take her if you can avoid her.
Worst teacher i have had at USC by far! She doesn't answer questions, refuses to let students keep their midterms as a study aid, uses poor wording in exam questions, teaches irrelevant material and chooses clear favorites in the class. There were also a bunch of other bad reviews on this class including my first one and they were all taken down.
Excellent professor with an obvious, thorough understanding of the material. Experienced professional with an ability to teach what she already knows so well. Genuinely cares about her students. Expects a lot, but is also generous and caring when grading. Certainly won't be your easiest class, but this will be one of your favorites. Upbeat teacher.
Excellent professor with an obvious, thorough understanding of finance. She's an experienced professional who encourages her students to learn and understand the material. Genuinely cares about her students. Expects a lot, but is also generous and caring. Won't be your easiest class, but the best classes never are. Good luck!
Teacher was friendly and helpful. Very energetic and made the 8am class a lot more lively.
&quot;This course gave me not only theoretical knowledge but also practical knowledge highly applicable in real life situations. This course has guided me in making informed personal finance decisions. Professor Bemis has accomplished the impossible: making an 8 AM class a learning friendly environment.&quot;
Didn't really enjoy the class or teacher. She confused the class even more when someone asked a question, and while she is generous when grading, the final was impossible. Ended every class with &quot;I love you guys!&quot; which was odd and slightly uncomfortable. Considering you have to take the class with her, it's tolerable, but not pleasant.
Really enjoyed the semester, even for an 8 am class. She always walked in with a smile and positive attitude. She definitely cares about her students and is willing to help as long as you ask her for it.
sweet and approachable. she grades exams very fairly if not generously. she responds to emails quickly and shows genuine care for her students, making each one feel like an important contributor to the class.
One of the best professors at USC. She really cares about her students and makes every effort to ensure their sucess in and out of the classroom. Material is very straightforward as long as you show up to class. Very practical class and I highly recommend.
I really love this class because this class is really engaging and you learn a lot.  this is mostly due to the prof. Bemis. Dr. Bemis guides you through the subject with very clear and step by step procedures.  If anything is unclear her office is always open.  She also remembers everybody's name.  That is cool few professor will remember your name
One of the most compassionate teachers at USC. She is a little quirky and may seem a bit off her rocker at times but she really makes an effort to get to know everyone in the class and everything about them. Extremely clear, no surprises on tests, and great guest speakers. Take her for sure!
Solid professor.  Energetic for 8 am classes, which is helpful.  Keeps the class involved and engaged with a ton of example problems to better understand the course material.  All-in-all a great class.
One of the best professors I've had at USC. She's enthusiastic, willing to help, and very committed. Bemis takes the time to get to know all her students, which is really rare in most college courses. I love how she takes a rather mundane subject (finance), and makes it interesting by showing us how relevant/applicable it is to our everyday lives.
My first 8am course in college EVER and I really liked it! Engaging professor who is always willing to help. Just make sure you get on her good side by showing up on time and participating in class. Got an A!
Dr. Bemis is awesome!!! I usually try to refrain from talking about school outside of school, but I loooove talking about this class. So many useful topics, and she gives great advice for the future. Plus, she is HILARIOUS!!! She knows everyone by name, sings and dances in class, and uses fun phrases like &quot;party people.&quot; Take this class!!
She is an okay teacher, easy to succeed in her class. Show up, participate, do the homework, go into see her in office hours and you will be fine. She doesn't explain things that well, when you ask questions she complicates the concepts. 2 MT, 5 HW assignments, 1 final. Easy course. But her lectures are scattered & hard to follow sometimes.
The teacher is a lot of fun, but disreguard the book!!!  It screwed me for the first exam becuase I studied it instead of her lecture slides.  The two are NOT related.  Ugh.... Anway, Bemis is a great.  I learned more with her than any other finance course at USC and it was cake.  Next time I'll ask the professor how to study, it works.
Truly one of my favorite teachers at USC. For someone who knew nothing about finance coming into the class I now feel like I have a very solid understand. She is kind, extremely helpful and really wants you to do well in the course! Highly recommend taking finance with her if you have a choice!!!
Dr. Bemis is incredibly smart and extremely enthusiastic about the subject matter, finance. She cares for her students' understanding and, although her class was at 8 in the morning, it was never a chore to attend. She has a great sense of humor (she sings Ludacris & Black Eyes Peas) and constantly relates the material to the real world.
One of my favorite teachers at USC ! She is very &quot;invested&quot; in her students' performance in class & in life. Also, she teaches in a thorough and effective manner. This is most likely due to the fact that she has &quot;spent&quot; A LOT of her personal time optimizing the course-work, lecture material, and class structure to fit the way her students learn.
Dr. Bemis is an extremely good professor. 8am finance seems like it would be hell, but her class is far from it. She's pretty funny, remembers EVERYONE by name (so don't miss class), and genuinely cares about all of her students. Take this class if you have to take finance. You will be happy you did.
In a nutshell, Prof. Bemis is the best! She makes the topic fun, especially for an 8am class. Additionally, she is extremely patient and clear. Prof Bemis assures her students get the most out of her class by creating an engaging atmosphere, where participation is a must......  Plus, she has a great sense of humor too.
Professor Bemis is an excellent teacher. She fully explains difficult material, not proceeding until all questions have been answered. She's committed to your learning, as she knows everyone by name, and readily makes herself available even outside normal office hours.
I fell in love finance only because of Dr. Bemis. Before I took her class, I absolutely dreaded the subject and was unsure if I would do well at all. But she made an awesome impression on me beginning with the seating chart she prepared to remember our names. It definitely made me want to go to class. And I ended up learning A LOT.
Dr. Bemis has a wonderful demeanor and is extremely attentive.  She makes the effort to get to know her students on a personal level and is very thorough, ensuring that her students have truly learned the concept.  She's punctual, professional, and has shown finance to be very interesting and relevant to our lives, especially in our futures.
I love Dr. Bemis! She uses class time effectively and explains things carefully. She is more than fair to her students. Yes, she does know her students by name. What an enviable memory! I sincerely believe she really cares about each one of us and tries to give all individual attention as is humanly possible. I'm glad I switched to her class!
Dr. Bemis is THE best, most caring professor I have had at USC.  She genuinely cares about her students -- both on a personal and academic level.  She learns every students name and makes finance fun and exciting.  You definitely need to take Dr. Bemis' class.  Most engaging & worthwhile class at SC!  Guaranteed: there will never be a dull moment.
Dr. Bemis genuinely cares about her students and readily makes herself available because she wants her students to do well. She is very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject and makes what could be considered a boring subject interesting.  This class is the most practical class I have taken in Marshall. Take Dr. Bemis if you get the chance
Dr. Bemis is extremely personable and nice. She gets to know students well and definitely makes the effort to be involved with them. She's a great teacher who makes sure the whole class understands the material before moving on. She's also good at bringing in relevant outside material and really explaining how finance can be useful in daily life.
Dr Bemis utilize full Social Interaction in class, teamwork and participation, excellent skills.
She's hard on people who look like they have a tendency to slack off, they start to hate her but become better students for it. She remembers your name, and does not go on to the next chapter until everyone understands the current subject.  She's funny, and I love her teaching style.
She's cool.she never misses a class,reviews alot before tests.what i dont like,her tests arent multiple choice,you have to write a whole answer.overall,she's cool people.
18806	Michael	Crowley	82
Prof. Crowley is nice, and he's willing to help you, if you are willing to seek his help. If you talk to him or sit in on a lecture, you will realize that he is obviously very knowledgeable about the concepts he teaches. His only weak-points -- or perhaps they're weak-points of the class itself -- are poor communication of test topics + assignments
CSCI 201 is a pretty badly structured class; however, Crowley made the experience not so bad.  Attendance was not mandatory.  Assignments could be long but were fairly easy.  He seemed to understand how ridiculous the class was and taught what he believed were the more important parts of the course.  One of the most fair teachers I've had.
He's so cool :)
Took his class for the summer. It was a great experience. He taught really well and is very helpful. He has more office hours than even the TA. He is always there for you. I would definitely recommend taking his class. I wish he took some of my other courses as well. Great learning experience. 
Absolutely horrible. If you do not have any prior experience in programming you will suffer in his class. Programming assignments were ridiculously long and advanced. Impossible to talk to and ask for help. Ended up dropping the class (3.8 Science GPA before). Now taking with Redekopp and having an amazing time tbh.
Very good teacher
His assignments are really good and exams are pretty straight forward. This course is by far one of the best courses I have taken at USC.
Excellent Professor, probably the best I've had at USC. Expect lots of programming, but you will learn web programming!  Tests are straightforward, from programming assignments and lectures.  Tests are written code so pay attention to lectures and do the programming assignments yourself!  Highly recommended.
One of the best professors I've has at USC.
DO NOT TAKE HIM!!! He is the worst at teaching the basics. He also assigns assignments that assume you already know how to program (the first assignment this semester was about 1000 lines of code!!!). He is not helpful at all either. If you ask him a question, he will just give you a short, ambiguous answer and leave you even more confused.
Crowley is not forgiving to students who ask questions. Goes through concepts really fast and if you ask him to explain anything he will likely remark that you were not paying attention.
Prof Crowley classes were terrible! I've heard he's good for upper division courses, but do not take him for freshman/lower division courses. He doesn't know how to teach basics, and his classes were very confusing, and intimidating. His programming assignments are way too hard, and he expects you to complete them with minimum help. Do not take him
If you do not have prior programming you are in major trouble.  USC tells you that you don't need prior programming experience for CS major, but that is a lie.  Horrible introduction to computer programming.  I'm sure this professor is great at advanced courses, but he doesn't know how to teach freshman level courses.  Unfortunate.
Do not take him without prior programming experience. He says this is an intro class but he teaches it expecting you to have prior knowledge.
Don't take him if you don't already have programming experience unless you are very committed to the course. It'll be hard to keep up as he expects people to have already  programmed even though he says he doesn't.
This is an INTRO class, but if you have little to no programming experience, his lectures will be extremely confusing and therefore less than useless.  (Still attend, he will sometimes give code) Make sure you read the book, go to TA office hours (although they are often not too helpful either), and make a study group to work on the labs together.
Don't take him if you don't have previous programming experience.
Took 102, 402, 571 and 599 with Prof. Crowley; he is simply an awesome prof!!!
Crowley is a great professor. He is really easy in class and talks about concepts so clearly. It's definitely better to have some background in programming before taking his class as sometimes his class makes you sleepy. Most lectures don't last for full 2 hours. Really funny man, take it.
Really a great professor to learn from and get to know in office hours. Easy to ask questions. Will regrade labs and homeworks very fairly. I knew most of the material beforehand, so I rarely went to class. 201 is hard in terms of workload, and you are expected to know Java or learn it really quickly on your own.
Great professor.  Really cares about students and is willing to take extra time to go over a grade or explain something to his students.  Funny, nice, and good at explaining complicated cs topics
Enthusiastic teacher who wants his students to learn. He does teach the class as if everyone has learned Java before, so if you don't have experience, you are in for a rough first couple of weeks.  His lectures can get quite boring at times though if you already have programming experience; however, it usually doesn't go for the full 2 hrs.
I really wish i talked to Crowley more. He is actually very funny a relatable guy. I was just extremely overwhelmed with CS coming into it, and if only I asked more questions in the beginning this class wouldve been a cakewalk. Anywho that's my fault and this was an awesome professor that answered any questions when i actualy did have them!
Not many professors can just say that pointers are easy. But is one who can actually make it easy. Even my mom who doesn't know how to use Word can learn C++ from him.
Crowley is one of the few professors I have encountered who I can tell genuinely cares about his students. He is a fair grader, and is excellent at explaining concepts to students. He will go out of his way to ensure you understand material and that you receive fair grades. I highly recommend taking a CS course with him.
If you have no prior programming experience and take CSCI 103, be warned. Zips through material, lots of assignments, and incredibly boring lecturer to listen to (beware the monotone voice). Might be another story if you're experienced with programming.
Organized lecturer, helpful, approachable. However, if you have no programming experience prior to joining this class, be prepared to do tons of work. Class moves like the speed of light, with three things due a week, and the class is full of computer-savvy but idiotic freshmen who believe that they're too good to be taught the basics.
Crowley is a great professor - he's organized, lectures well, is available for questions, and creates a friendly classroom environment. I've heard Crowley's 402 class is harder, but I'm glad I took his.
Crowley's short-sleeved shirts set the move for this laid back, extreme programming class. But bring your coding pants, because this is a real doozey of a thriller. I love Crowley's brown shoes. I'm not kidding.
He's a Legend!
TAKE THE NEW COMBINED CLASS WITH CROWYLEY AT ALL COSTS.  I've had both 200 and 201, and Crowyley is a god send compared to the other guy.
crowley is good at answering questions, but i really didn't like how he assigned hws when he did not finish lecturing. he would finish lecturing the material that we need for the hw 3-4 days before its due, so we literally had to code everything up in 3-4 days. Also, he wasn't very specific with the factory project. he kept on changing the req.
Crowley is a good professor who taught us real-world strategy. His class was hard, but good. Very useful for those hoping to go into UI stuff.
One of the founding members of the CS Department at USC, Crowley has a long history at the school. But, his teaching strategies are not up-to-date, either. He has troubles making use of modern contraptions such as projectors and power points, and replies to emails in an unarticulate way.
Frustrating to have as a DEN student.  Long lag times on email and was never able to schedule a phone meeting with him.  Homework grading times were also pretty long.  If taking CS571, I recommend doing an MVC model from the beginning or you'll have a hard time jamming your website into Code Igniter's MVC model later on.  Good lecturer.
Pro. Crowley teaches the core of web development. His lectures are very clear and concise. He was accessible via e-mail and helpful with questions. If you do the homework, the tests aren't too bad, however, they are very long (pen and paper coding for 2 hrs!) The assignments were very lengthy. Lot's of work. Very practical (less theory =).
U r in CS Dept n u hv nt taken a course under Prof. Crowley, then its ur mistake. U lost ur chance to be taught world's most genuine Prof. who really cares for his students and coursework.
Moderate class. I would definitely do all projects on time, material is pretty straight forward but you don't want to wait and then rush. He is very nice and helpful. Make sure to visit him or his TA to clear up any doubts on projects.
Prof Crowley is just awesome when it comes to teaching the web tech. Assignments are not easy and take time, but you will learn a lot if you spend enough time doing them. The exams are not hard. If you do the assignments. His TA was very helpful and got me through a lot of the installation and debugging problems. Thanks for the wonderful experience
prof. I didn't pay that huge sum for you to read out notes from w3schools... though I got an A in this course but I feel that I lack a lot of knowledge... for a grad level class I was expecting u to teach design patterns and optimization related stuff but u covered only basics of PHP....
I found Dr. Crowley and his TA Ramin Moazeni to be the worst offenders of school policy with regards to replying to student emails and questions. The course I took - Web Technologies had the latest and greatest concepts in it and the lectures were okay. But the professor doesn't grade easy and his TA was absolutely useless, even obnoxious
Best professor i have met
He is one of the best professors i've ever met. Great knowledge on OS and make studies really interesting. A nice person indeeed!
Good job!
Prof. Crowley was great for the first 8 weeks of the class--Clear and helpful lectures, good answers to questions, etc. After 8-weeks, we mingled with the 201 class and Crowley did not do anything substantial as far as teaching after that. Tests were difficult for some because he never stated expectations. Easy A though! he grades easy w/ x-credit
402 is the shiznit, crowley is awesome. I can't imagine a class being harder than this, SAL is my home for the semester.
!
I am taking Cal 3 this semester and its super easy, but it maybe because the standard of my Cal 2 class with TA Rajit was really high:Thanks to getting used to all those superhard problems given by TA,Cal 3 now seems a joke.Glad to have had Rajit as TA.
Useful class,great TA.The structure of the class was based on Prof doing the basic groundwork and the TA working the harder examples.Whether you go to class or not, the TA's review sessions really matter and he made us work hard but for a good reason. Class average was highest among all Cal II sections,and I got good grade.Thank you TA Rajit!
While I did not get A in this course,it was a good learning experience,and the Professor and TA are excellent.The Prof's lectures are standard,and the TA's discussions go over harder problems.TA even showed us how to work competition problems related to Cal II.Strongly recommend Prof Crowley and TA Rajit if you want to appreciate this material.
Agree with person below.TA Rajit will start with simple problems,then goto the middle level ones and will definitely work the last and the hardest problems from every chapter.Professor on the other hand mostly does typical easier problems.But honestly TA runs the show,and if you do well in the end,its really because of TA,Prof is easy with grades:)
The Professor-TA team of Crowley and Rajit is incredible.Both gave a lot of extra credit and the grading is fair. While the TA's quizzes were hard, he even gave opportunity to make up a quiz by going to seminar. The review sessions held by TA are extremely important,and the number of problems TA works out in discussion is staggering.Grade for me:A-
Crowley is a good professor, but without TA Rajit's help it would be impossible to get a good grade. His review problems are good and in the end his teaching style elevated me from a B+ to a solid A.If your TA is Rajit, you will definitely do well.
I would have been lazy in this class had it not been for TA Rajit's quizzes:There are always a couple of crazy problems on there, but no sweat if one didn't do well: TA gave lots of extra credit and opportunity to replace a quiz score with 20/20 by attending seminar. Cool Professor too.I got a kick out of &quot;interesting problems&quot; given by TA.Grade:A
Crowley is good teacher,and the TA Rajit is a nice guy. There are always some crazy problems on the quizzes by TA,but if you dont do well there are several chances of extra credit,he even gave the chance to replace any quiz score of your choice with full score by attending seminar.Both Professor and TA gave many extra credit opportunities,so my A!
Professor is quite helpful.TA provided some really unusual problems for practice:helped me see the extent of Cal II,which I had no clue about. Both Professor and TA give lots of extra credit,so its safe to say its possible to get A. One quiz had really hard problems,but as TA said, it was more to help us learn,and gave everyone at least 15/20 :-)
Very clear and a slow teacher. Gave lots of extra credit. Does not like math department final so he tried to change.  Midterms are all book problems. Very smart and loves his job
It turns out....
once in a lifetime professor!!! 402 is one of the best course available in USC!! Don't miss it...
Crowley is one of the best professors in CS.
Greatest Prof in CS dept. Geniunely cares for student progress.
He was my professor for CS102 and 402. He knows everything he is teaching. Tests are ok. BUT HW are VERY HARD!! Graphic Games stuffs in 102 are not bad. CS402 is Crazy!! thousands lines of code.
I don't know what the students who left those really nice comments, were thinking. He gives you useless theory, and then he tells you to do the projects. When it come to coding he will not help you with it. So here is my advice, get to know people who took it before and get their solutions, trust me you gonna need it!!!!!!
Excellent teacher. Great patience and there for help if needed. Class is of moderate difficulty, but that is the nature of the field of computer science.
Crowley is the Golden God of the USC Computer Science department.  He could teach OS theory to a brick wall and it would learn it and LIKE IT.
No Comments
The only prof I've ever met who said &quot;I don't know, but I'll find out.&quot;  and actually came to the next lecture with the answer.  Of course the class is hard, it's a 400 level CS course at the #6 university in the nation.  You'll get out what you
Prof Crowley is easily the best teacher I had in my entire USC career.  He took the time to understand your question (either project or lecture) before trying to answer it.  The only prof I've ever met who said &quot;I don't know, but I'll find out.&quot;
The class is really hard, but Crowley really puts a lot into helping students understand.  Everyonce and awhile he gets pissed, though, and will really snap at someone on the discussion board
402 is just really hard as a class.  Crowley makes it educational and he's pretty good at it.  In 571, he's awesome.  He knows web stuff better than anyone else at SC.
Prof. Crowley is just an all round great professor. His course material and lecture topics are very well organized and relate to the real world. He uses great examples and goes out of his way to make sure every student is on the same page. All in all, he's a great prof for buiding great CS fundamentals.
Excellent Teacher. You will learn a lot. The class is quite a bit of work, but its well worth it.
Easy, good sense of humor.and very helpful.
He made this class too dificult. It's a 100 level class, an introductory class, and he started talking about sorting a linked list in c++, this was just the first homework. his lectures are not helpfull at all, no help with the  code at all.
Not an O/S expert, and not as clever as he seems to think he is.  Still, he's taught the material a number of times, so the lectures come across fairly smoothly . . . but you won't gain any special insights into the material from this particular instructo
good professor, good lecture, a little tough assignment, go to take his class, you'll enjoy it
No Comments
Great professor, clear lectures, material was just HARD and programming assignments rough. start early.
Good teacher, easy to understand...but this class is way too hard
Great Professor.  Got to take his class...
No Comments
hard assignments!! but hes so damn cool u can't hate him... VERY helpfull tho
14895	Steven	Lamy	71
Intelligent guy, has a good reputation on campus. However, his class environments are hostile and he will be insulting to you if you decide to speak up and get something wrong (although he encourages participation, which makes no sense.) Also not the best in responding to emails and when he does, he gives a lot of attitude. 
Attending lecture and paying attention is necessary, as he gives opportunities for a little extra credit and hints for the final exam. If you don't have an IR background knowledge like me, I recommend doing the readings. Lamy really cares about his students and wants them to do well. Take advantage of his office hours and review sessions.
Lamy was a GREAT professor, however he expects A LOT out of his students. There is a lot of reading and often prior knowledge is assumed. Every assignment counts since there are only 100 points in the class. Not necessary, but expected to do all the reading, I got by without opening one of the required textbooks and got an A, so it is possible.
Best professor ever!! He is incredibly intelligent and interesting to learn from... Tip for getting a good grade - GO TO HIS OFFICE HOURS!! It isn't an easy A but I went to his office hours every week, worked hard and got an A. Even though it is a difficult class, it is worth it to learn from Lamy.
Lamy is an excellent professor and a great guy. His lectures are fairly big yet he learns everyone's name and has the final word on grading every assignment. A down to earth hilarious professor; taking his class in the future and learned a lot more from his Friday discussions on life than I did in other classes. More than a professor, a mentor.
BEST. CLASS. EVER. I love Lamy, he loves his content and wants everybody to learn. Goodhearted guy who wants you to learn and mentors kids in what little free time he has. Heavy reading course, all necessary. Will learn a lot. Lecture not mandatory but HIGHLY encouraged to gain best understanding. Lamy is literally the best. 100% recommend
Great professor, but I didn't really like the learning environment since if you tried to speak up and said something wrong he will poke fun at you or just shun you. An okay overal class.
Lamy is very knowledgeable and always looks out for his students. Take a class with him whenever possible!
Most passionate and knowledgeable professor I have had. Did not go into his class as an IR major, but learned so much and gained a greater understanding of the world. Truly life-changing class. Try to sit in the front row everyday, ask lots of questions in the TA discussions and truly be interested to get an A.
Lamy is a very involved professor, he wants everyone to be involved in class as well but having 200+ students makes it a little intimidating for those of us on the margins. Very conceptual class, heavy reading. It is possible to get a B/B+ without fully doing the readings as long as you score high on the individual assignments. Every hw counts.
Awesome guy, instantly knew who everyone was, but definitely does not tolerate people being off-task in his class. The class is pretty interesting, plus he lets you out a half hour early, unless you need to ask questions!
I am still surprised as to how he knew who I was. I never speak in lecture or put those annoying name tags up. I recommend visiting him during office hours. The class is difficult in terms of how it is structured. The work load, I would say, is medium to low. Not that hard to get a B+/A-. Probably curves at the end depending on your improvement.
Engaging lecturer. Somehow manages to remember everyone in a class with 200+ people. Really makes effort to know each student. Highly recommend.
enthusiastic about course material, very passionate. will memorize your name in a class of 200. but he's kind of all over the place, hard to keep up with him at first. very knowledgeable and est. in IR field but is condescending and often arrogant. avoid challenging him in any way bc he will shoot you down no matter what.
I graduated quite a while ago and I still hold this man in top regard. Never met a professor who cared more or worked harder for his students. I took several courses with him and loved every minute. Find him too gruff in class? I did at first. Find a (good) reason to drop by his office hours and talk with him. I guarantee it'll change your mind.
Prof. Lamy is a highly competent and knowledgeable prof who clearly loves what he is doing. He will even make it a point to memorize your name out of 300. But after your class with him is over, he is rude, condescending and arrogant. He trained his assistant to tell him after 5 mins a phone call is waiting (3 month wait period 2 c him). Very sad
The class is a ton of work, but he definitely wants to help you learn the material. Very informative class. Make sure you take a class with him if you can.
Very time consuming class necessary for all IR majors & minors. Heavy reading and assignments really take up more time than necessary to learn concepts. Despite that, Lamy is brilliant and class provides an excellent frame-work to analyze the complicated world of International Relations. The &quot;A&quot; is possible if you take class very seriously.
Prof. Lamy will take the time to learn all your names and whether you attend class. Effort is key for him. Unfortunately, he is not structured and throws around too many random factoids and his assignments are menial with very little purpose/direction.  I thoroughly despised this class ; its mandatory for IR students but avoid Lamy!
Lamy is a great teacher, and if you are going to take IR210 DEFINITELY take this class. He is a great resource and a very helpful, caring professor.
Very funny professor, keeps you awake with jokes here and then, if you manage to do some readings, then you will understand a lot more. Definitely should get to know him in person, he will remember you. The assignments are not hard, some are time consuming. Only negative is that his lecture notes are very unorganized.
best professor ever.. even though he's hard on his students, the amount you learn is amazing.. really enjoyed his class despite my bad grade.. if you're a good student and looking to learn rather than for an easy grade, take Lamy, he's worth it
Prof. Lamy is a very interesting and intelligent professor...but he is also incredibly pompous. Some may think that he deserves to be this way, but it's too much at times. However, this was a great class overall. It is certainly daunting at first (especially in terms of the readings), but certainly doable. Work hard and you'll get at least a B+/A-.
I have a ton of mixed feelings about Lamy and this class: while he's an incredibly brilliant and funny guy, the class's lectures often lacked structure. That being said, I enjoyed IR 210 a lot overall. Dean Lamy provided a really valuable learning experience that I feel every IR student should encounter.
Hands down the best professor I have ever had. His class, even on a Friday morning at 9am, was totally worth going too. I learned a lot, and can't wait to take another course taught by him- even if it is not a part of my major!
Lamy is a really nice dude, incredibly intelligent and has won all sorts of awards, but to be honest he is terrible with lectures. His information is all over the place and impossible to follow. His slides have absolutely no structure to them and I honestly don't think I've learned a thing in this class.
If you have a type A personality like I do, I suggest avoiding Lamy for IR 210 because his lectures will leave you wanting to pull your hair out. Granted, I am not trying to say he isn't knowledgeable... I just cannot believe he has gone this long without learning how to create structured lectures. Seriously, my notes are always all over the place.
He's one of my favorite professors here. The readings aren't that important, if you attend and listen you'll get most of what you need. He gives tons of chances for extra points or makeups. Definitely one of the best.
COOL!!!! BUT TOO HARD...
BEST PROFESSOR! He cares so much more than other professors and it shows.  People who complain about his class didnt take advantage of all his extra help.  Go to all extra review sessions and get to know him.  He is very understanding and has a great heart.  He wants to interest people in IR but it requires some reading.  Well worth the time.
To ppl complaining that Lamy is unavailable or &quot;cuts you off after 5 min&quot; in office hours--you do realize he has hundreds of other current & former students vying for his attn&#63; And he is a vice dean doing the work of 2 people, plus teaching, plus his life outside the univ. He is incredible & does everything he can w/ the time/energy he has left.
his lectures are impossible to follow. they have no structure. they are just a bunch of words on a projector and he goes SUPER fast. he demands a LOT from his students. he does remember every student and personal things about them which is nice for such a large class, but his class is so hard. don't take unless you really want to know about IR
The material can be difficult if you don't take time to study and learn it and he doesn't cover readings much in class but it's still a good prof
Lamy is extremely knowledge and enthusiastic prof who truly cares about the subject and teaching. You learn a lot. Unfortunately, that is all smoke and mirrors as he is very arrogant to the point of rude. He will time you out after 5 minutes when you go see him and otherwise doesnt have much patience for students outside of classroom. Very sad
Lamy is really smart, talks super fast, & has high expectations for his students. Can be annoyingly unhelpful, condescending towards girls, but overall, full of knowledge. Had diff trying to get ahold of him after finishing his class, even tho he says he wants to be a mentor to students and offer advice. Class is diff but rewarding. lots of work
Lamy is a dedicated guy; funny, knows everyone, and if you are willing to put in the time to go to all his reviews you will do great in the class. That being said, the subject is hard, he expects a lot (which is hard considering how lttle time we all have), and he can be somewhat condescending to girls. Take from that what you want.
Attended SC in the 90s. Lamy was my favorite professor of all time. He assigns LOTS of reading, but he is very informed on his subjects. I always felt like he cared about me. Even remembered I was a Saints fan! I was one of the few working students at SC, so he gave me some slack from time to time. Now working in DC with the World Bank. Fight On!
A LOT OF READING! A LOT OF WORK! HARD GRADER but you learn alot
Prof. Lamy is the most amazing professor I have had. For the past 2 years, he has been an incredible mentor for me. He has  been one of the greatest sources of encouragement and inspiration at USC. He is so deeply invested in his students, and he treats you as an equal. I recommend him 110%. He loves his job, loves teaching, and loves his students.
Completely pretentious and annoyingly unhelpful. I don't understand the raving reviews he gets.
the class is annoying and tedious at some points, so many assignments and a lot of busy work. lamy is pretty good overall. it amazed me that even though i sat in the back corner of a 250 person class, he knew my name when i passed by him at school! take this class with lamy rather than with anyone else
Lamy leads the IR major. He is very knowledgeable, but too conservative. Overall, I didn't like him.
Worst professor ever. like for real
The class is a lot of work but it pays off at the end. He is a very hard grader but he rewards students who work hard. He also has a lot of extra credit opportunities. At the end of the day if u attend class, know him personally, and try your hardest, u will get at least an A- in the class.
I attended USC 25 years ago and Steven Lamy was my favorite professor.  I went on to be a psychotherapist rather than continue in IR. But I continue to quote Dr. Lamy and he continues to influence my world view! Talk about INFLUENCE! Best instructor I have ever seen. CARES about his students!
He's a comedian at heart - and what a big heart he has!  He really goes out of his way to help students that want to succeed.  For instance, he holds four extra hours of review every week!  Even more in preperation for midterms and finals! The only weakness tends to be in communication with TAs. information seems to get lost in the chain of command
Excellent professor! Very passionate about IR and each student's success. May seem intimidating but very approachable and funny.
He's an ok professor. Really enthusiastic and funny, but   he packs way too much information into one lecture. The assignments are a lot of work and time consuming, but are worth very little. I would only take this course if you REALLY loved IR.
Professor Lamy was amazing.  He embodies everything you want in an educator: somebody who is knowledgeable and passional about their field, interested in transferring that knowledge, and committed to his students.  (By the thrid week of class he will have memorized several hundred student names and will remember details about you for years!)
I graduated several years ago, but Prof. Lamy was awesome.  I went to law school after taking his case studies class.  BTW, he's a lot nicer than a lot of law school professors even if the talk of the Socratic method sounds intimidating.
Great professor!
Best teacher I had in the five years I was there
GREAT professor, but like everyone else he has his own agenda.  If you don't like being preached to in a round-about way, skip it.
Amazing professor.  The only teacher/professor I've ever had that actually gave me a thank you note for my class participation.  He made a point to know everyone's name and included them in discussions.  Highly recommended.
Amazing Professor... I use what he taught me in all ways of life and in all different classes.  He makes sense, he's through, and he knows your name even if you sit in the far left corner of the class... Definitely recommended!!!!
No Comments
Best class at USC with the best professor.  Challenged how I thought about the world.
An academic pillar of USC.  Knowledgeable, wise, and understanding.  Changed my life forever and unlocked my mind on some Obi Wan and Luke Skywalker tip.
Good teacher. Left lasting impression on me
Prof. Lamy is the most amazing professor I've had at SC. He's proven to be substantially intelligent, thought-provoking, and has somehow managed to make me actually CARE about international relations, which is an amazing feat in itself. He's a great, great man.
took Dr. Lamy a few years ago for IR 210 and he was instantly the best professor I've ever had in my life! he was so kind, very exciting in the classroom and just a cool guy (for a teacher.) workload wasn't too hard, fair grading system.
Took two of his classes - both did not require reading all but the minimum (even though he assigns a lot).  Very helpful for recommendations, suggestions.  Great prof!
Very available, assigns lots of reading, but covers it well and the work is well worth it for those looking for an in depth, leave-no-stone-unturned intro to international relations or international politics.
His practical, case-driven upper division courses are x10 more useful than any of the theory-driven drivel I took.  I still use the methods I learned in that class.  He's hyped a lot, but I think deserves most of it -so long as you interact with him!
Awesome Professor. A true gentleman and intellect.  He cares about his students and makes sure that they understand the material.
Out of USC for four years, still ask him questions
He represents the dark side of the IR school
the new chair isn't Neo-wilsonian; He's modern marchiavelli
Overrated prof.  Claims to be system reformer, but isn't.
No Comments
System Realist all the way! Do not let fall into his "charisma"
913088	Bill	Cheng	70
Professor knows is stuff Syllabus has vast coverage, complete knowledge of what he covers in this course will hold you in good stead in most systems side interviews Kernel assignments complement the theory material well Kernel 1 and 2 are manageable Kernel 3 is extremely time consuming. This course will take up 1/2 ur semester
Excellent kernel assignments, makes you understand the material better. Be sure to attend lectures to get extra credit. Extremely helpful. Be sure to follow his rules!
Class is good. Kernel assignments 1 and 2 are not that difficult, they can be done in 1-2 weeks. However, kernel assignment 3 takes at least a month to get the whole thing working. Exam questions come straight from the slides, but you gotta understand the concepts clearly cause questions are tricky. His explanations of slides are good but boring.
He is very brutal with his grading and the assignments were totally irrelevant wrt industry standard.
Awesom Prof. Teaching is not that great but the assignments make you work your ass out, you will in turn learn A LOT. Exams are not so hard. Grading is pretty good and fair. If you get a chance to take cs402 under him, JUST TAKE IT
teaching is good. All assignments are good except the last kernel which is not necessary unless you specialize in systems.
useful class
Assignments help learn a lot. Lectures are good.
very very complex assignments. Some assignments seems worthless . Lecture are quite boring and monotonous. But professor's explanations of topics are good.
Professor Cheng did a great job to teach this course!
Overall a good professor.
Good Professor but assignment guidelines are a bit difficult to follow .
useful for students who want to transfer to cs
There are so many restrictions. Output has to be exactly the same in assignments. Answers in exams have to be less than the specified number of words which are 5-10 words mostly. If you don't mug up the exact words, then you are doomed in the exam. This is a pathetic course. Total waste of money.
Excellent Professor. Very well organized projects and assignments. Encourages discussion among students through google groups. Easily approachable and ready to help. His exams are purely based on slides and its pretty score good grades in exams. OS under Cheng is worth the course!
The slide is just coping everything from the book. Some of the slides are vague or even wrong! The professor has not taken time to organized the material and he spend too much time repeat the same material. The final project is difficult and the professor will answer your question, but he will not teach the skill you need to conquer the project.
A very dedicated professor and explains very well. Supports students to a large extent and is very encouraging. Learned a lot from this course. The Professor puts in lots of attention and effort, which is evident in the slides which have step by step code flow.
The kernel assignments are not easy but we all know OS is not easy, right? Anyway, Bill gives a good grade for students who really follow his schedule.
Good points: 1. good coursework and great assignments! 2. Always helpful with the assignments as they do need discussion to solve. 3. Explains points clearly. Areas that need improvement: Exam pattern 2. Prof needs to draw attention from students
The method of evaluation is too bad. They look for the exact number of words instead of the content, also students cant be book worms. They should look for their understandings and inteligence
Assignments are really good and can learn a lot from assignments. It helped me during my internship interviews and also honed my programing skills. Course is very well structured :)
Recommend this course with Prof. Cheng. Extremely important course. Bill explains the things clearly. Project is really fun. The only downside I experienced was the exams. Midterm and final are silly as it was like reciting the slides
The assignments are interesting, but the classes are not. Should explain the concepts with general examples rather than code as that would be clearer. Also, he should be a bit more succinct while speaking.
Assignments are good and challenging but needs to draw students attention better
Good Professor and great clarity. Good projects and with good approach.
PROFESSOR CHENG IS REALLY GOOD AND PAY GREAT ATTENTION TO DETAILS.
Projects are great for Resume. Lectures get a bit monotonous- could be made interactive. Overall a good course and beneficial for getting internships.
The course structure is very good and assignments are very helpful. But, Prof. Cheng needs to make lectures more interesting and interactive. I found lectures monotonous.
Good projects.
Recommend this Proff !
He was a great Professor, Jolly and friendly. His assignments were very good.
He his very motivating Professor!...:) encouraged me to do well in the finals
Good Professor!
He is a kind professor
Good Professor
This is the only course I took on kernel and it is very helpful. The lecturer clearly explains every points.
This is a very helpful course. And Bill taught very well!
He is nice professor but you need to be catchy in the class to understand the stuff .. Tip is read the topic before attending the class and attend all the classes at higher priority helps to clarify the doubts, very helpful and very clear with programming concepts
he gets you ready for any os interview, you'll learn a lot
If you want to crack any interview related to OS, this course is the key.
The concept and the material on class is not that hard but the project is not that easy.
The course is very valuable in terms of its project, and do a big amount of favor if you can memorize things on lecture notes. The thing is, the concept of operating system is a kind of nested, if you cannot review the lecture on den, you will definitely fall behind.
Excellent course work and projects. The concepts are very interesting and are discussed as much as it is necessary. Since the course domain is very vast don't expect spoon feeding.
Very helpful professor and gives good coding assignments which will help you a lot
Great professor and his teaching is excellent. You have to be really concentrating in this class, otherwise you will be lost. If you sit and listen to his class properly, I am sure you will know how good he is. He is also very helpful during office hours.
I like this Professor and the course he taught! I'm not a CS student but still can catch Cheng's class which is really important to me!
The lectures are not so bad as some other people comment. Algorithm is a difficult course, and if you don't do some pre-course reading, you will get lost during the lecture. Most importantly, his lecture slides are full of key points and examples. This is good if you want to review the course material after a long time.
very clear and would go back and explain whenever asked
Overall it's pretty good.
Nice professor.
very interesting class!
He made operating systems very easy to comprehend..
Tends to read lecture notes verbatim. Exams require rote memorization. Lengthy programming assignments which evidently are written to filter students. Aggressive, complex, but fair grading policy.
Worst teacher I have ever had. Does not present content clearly (basically read the slides), does not help with assignments, does not interact with students. Projects extremely complex and useless. If you can choose another instruction, avoid this one. Only good point: tests are easy (but you have to memorize exactly what he wants).
A good course made crappy with crappy assignments. Half baked knowledge of the subject. When asked doubts, replies with "Don't know, can't say". Really does not know anything about the assignments he gives us. Crappy text book as well. Stallings or Silberchatz is way better. Exams require mugging up
literally the worst professor I've ever had. reads off his slides and knows nothing. programming assignments are very restrictive and inspire no creativity
Made me rethink the caliber of USC's school of engineering (it's really not as bad as he makes it seem). Stated several times that it is a research university and that he basically doesn't care about teaching. It shows. His slides are terrible and he doesn't even understand everything he puts on them.
I came into CS102 loving the subject and everything related to it. I never thought a teacher could actually make me NOT like my major. His lectures are boring and simply him reading off his slides, which arent very good to begin with. He restricts your freedom when coding and makes it a torturous class. This class makes me want to change majors
After two semesters of Cheng, I am hoping CSCI department at USC improves...Very unclear, and unhelpful. Neither him nor the TAs really seem to care at all about the students work or grades. He doesn't encourage anything fun but rather makes guidelines on tedious projects extremely specific and limiting, and then tests on isolated, useless material
Not a good teacher at all.  He is very confusing in class, and often times when people ask questions, they confuse people more.  He reads directly off his confusing slides, and his examples are very unclear.  Go to the TA's for help, otherwise you'll end up teaching yourself most of the things in class.  Avoid if possible.
HORRIBLE professor.  Reads directly from the slides which themselves are unclear.  Even in his office hours, he is terrible explaining the content. His assignments are demanding and his exams are nothing like what you'd expect. Avoid if possible!! (which is difficult given USC's CSCI dept.)
Definitely not a good professor.  Changes requirements for things without updating the spec sheet, horrible grading policies, and doesn't really know what he's doing.  Doesn't explain well.  Best to get the book and teach yourself, since he isn't very helpful or specific.  Also, his exams test unimportant stuff, not any meaningful applications/use.
Quite possibly the worst teacher at USC. Doesn't teach, only reads off slides. At office hours he tells you to reread the slides or go to the TA. Not helpful, not very nice.
Cheng is, I would hope, one of the worst professors at USC. At the start, he stated he was learning Java along with us, and it went downhill from there. He just reads off of the slides, which he barely understands to begin with. Try to wait until someone else is teaching CS200 if you have to take it.
Honestly worst teach I've had at USC yet. He does not teach. He just reads the slides and talks about 5 new concepts each class then in the last 10 minutes he runs everything. His whole process is illogical - everyone is left feeling confused/frustrated. If you go in for office hours he just tells you to review the slides again. Self taught class.
Reads Directly from the slides. No structure or format for the class. Told us on the first day of class, &quot;I've never taught Java before so this might be a bad semester.&quot; He constantly changes the requirements on the HW after people have already started. Avoid if possible.
I wouldn't recommend csci 551 to anyone who's taking a heavy load. No test reviews and doesn't even like to give much info about the exams. Be prepared to know EVERYTHING.
Solid professor, can't go wrong with this one. Lectures are pretty straight forward, homeworks assigned are pretty interesting. He is very organized but also strict with his grading policies. Very friendly in office hours.
Lots of work but good grades
Lots of work and not enough time.
18909	Merle	Hopkins	67
Hopkins is an average lecturer who is easy to understand.  His lecture notes have absolutely no organization and serve more as a platform for him to write down his thoughts though.  Ask to clarify often.  His exams are relatively straightforward but he grades like a nazi.  It's either right or wrong and he has a condescending tone.
Very tough class with tough exams but Hopkins is pretty clear with his explanations and is usually very helpful if you come to him with questions. He also supplements his lectures with interesting anecdotes from his long history as an accountant. Tough to recommend such a hard class but he's solid.
Decent professor. Buy the workbook and practice the worksheets for midterms (4 total, which includes a non-cumulative final). Lectures don't come from book so go to class. Helps you out a lot in office hours. Class gets progressively harder/trickier. Final was extremely challenging and he didn't teach us some of the stuff on it.
Expects students to learn complex subjects in a number of minutes. Extremely condescending. Do NOT recommend.
I was really open minded and excited about the course considering the great reviews he had here, but it turned out to be absolutely unbearable. Not only were his jokes dull and annoying, but he also raced through the material and had an attitude when people tried to take the time to understand. Would not recommend.
One of the ways you know you went to USC is by having Accounting with Merle.  Here are another 11 ways you know you went to SC as well chatsports /usc-trojans/a/The-11-Ways-You-Know-You-Went-To-USC-10-140-292
Good professor, but definitely not easy. My BUAD 281 class was a breeze in comparison to Hopkins. Helps you learn the foundations of accounting if you put in time. I went to office hour every week and did every worksheet he gave.Good if you are majoring in accounting, otherwise take the other professors.
One of the best professors I have had at USC, if not the best. Available before and after class, plenty of office hours, exams are identical to the material covered in class, quizes are not bad, and the homework prepares you really well. Tells a lot of stories to connect the material to the real world. Truly wants you to understand the material.
You must go to lecture because he does not use the book at all.  I had a hard time staying awake in his class, I didn't understand the hype about this professor.  But he does hold office hours and will go over the test with you.
Very nice professor. Knows material very well. Lectures are very very organized. Need to do a lot of practice. It is very important to attend his lectures.
Dr. Hopkins is a great professor who actually dedicate his time and efforts into teaching. I learn much from his lectures in 370 and hoping to be taught by him again.
Cool guy, long/boring lectures of doing worksheets peppered with funny stories, but the tests are quite hard. It's not my style to work my a$$ off for a B, but that's exactly what I did despite attending every lecture and taking notes every time. Nonetheless, best available 280 professor, just not as easy people say he is.
He says that he's not retiring for at least another 5 years!
I'm glad that he was teaching 370 this semester. I loved his lectures. He makes it fun with acct jokes. If you know how to do all the handouts that he passes out, you'll get a good grade. The greatest Acct teacher ive ever had!
HE IS FANTASTIC! The most welcomed professor in ACCT. but anyway he's retiring next year, so if u want to catch a good teacher, TAKE HIM NEXT SEMESTER
Best Professor at Marshall in my opinion!!! No need for textbook. Class isn't mandatory but i would advise you to go. Has a dry sense of humor that i like (keeps the class interesting with stories as well). Very clear on what he is teaching.
Best 280 professor hands down! Although his lectures aren't mandatory, you definitely need to attend them and take notes if you want an A. Make sure you don't waste money on the textbook because he never uses it. Just do his worksheet problems over and over again and you should ace the test
GREAT TEACHER!!  Go to class, its essential to getting a good grade.  He explains everything very well, you just have to put in the time to get a good grade.  Dry sense of humor I enjoyed.  Textbook don't critical at all.  A lot of work sheets.
GREAT TEACHER!!  Go to class, its essential to getting a good grade.  He explains everything very well, you just have to put in the time to get a good grade.  Dry sense of humor I enjoyed.  Textbook don't critical at all.  A lot of work sheets.
Unless you LIKE accounting, you don't really need to attend class. If you despise the subject and find it extremely boring, this class is not for you. The guy needs to retire in my opinion bc he is SO DRY. I often found myself spacing out and falling asleep. You will need to keep up on the hw everyday or you WILL fall behind.
Excellent professor. One of the better professors I had so far. His lectures could get a bit boring, but he explains everything crystal clear. He also has all the past midterms and finals (all versions from 2000) available. Tests are exactly like his past tests. Basically, repeatedly do all the tests he has online, getting an A is not difficult.
Merle is a great professor because he explains things very, very clearly. There are quizzes every week which are easy, two midterms, and a final. He's one of my favorite professors here so far and I highly recommend you take his class.
Merle is a good professor. The subject matter is extremely dry and he does a good job of explaining it in a way that gives everyone an equal opportunity to do well on exams. Keep up with all of the lectures and practice problems. Also, Merle makes really great dumb jokes that grow on you.
Merle is freaking ADORBS. He is an excellent teacher, knows exactly what he's doing, and provides everything that students need to do well in his class. And his dry dry sense of humor amuses me to no ends
Great teacher, would definitely recommend him! Takes the time to clear things up, and makes accounting easy, fun, and simple to understand! Love him! One of the greatest professors I've had so far at USC!
Merle is awesome! Very knowledgeable and very accessible. Makes class funny/interesting with random anecdotes. Class lectures are online, so it is not mandatory to go to class. Midterms similar to the most recent ones that he posts online. Take Accounting with him!
I love Merle. Basically amazing at accounting... does not use the textbook and if you understand his handout your good to go... midterm and final are exactly like handouts...You will definitely get something out of this class!
Clear instruction during class with some jokes like &quot;swims like a fish&quot; Best thing was maintaining TAs which are avaliable monday to thursday from 9am - 5pm with lab sessions on Friday if you want to get help in homework assignments.
GREAT teacher, very knowledgeable with interesting storied. He is a successful accountant. He writes the book but it helps. Explains everything but you have to go to class, the TAs help a lot and he has lots of practice exercises so do them!
Great teacher and a great resource.  The subject matter can be a bit confusing at times, but he spends extra time on that stuff because he knows what is hard.  I thought this class was fun, but a lot of people think it's boring.  Pay attention, take notes, don't wait until the last minute to watch lectures, do the readings (I did better when I did)
Make sure you keep up with the lectures.  This class is not too bad if you are understanding the material as you go along.  Go to the ta office hours before the week of the exam because it gets really crowded.  His class is boring. Make sure you get 100% on all of the quizzes(easy points).  He was kind of rude when I went to his office hours
If you do not keep up with all of the lectures and learn the material the class will be impossible.  Do not plan on learning all the material night before its not possible (I tried).  The class is do-able. Just hard so make sure your schedule permits a heavy math load.
As long as you watch all the lectures each week instead of waiting until the week before the midterms/final and make sure to practice, this class is overall pretty easy
Has tons of handouts readily available; go to your TAs when you have &quot;accounting trouble&quot;; make sure you do enough practice to write his exams; go to class and take notes; go to his office hours; be organized- Merle teaches very quickly (but clearly). You need to know the material fairly quickly. Good luck and &quot;stay out of accounting trouble&quot;. :)
Good guy, stay up to date
Merle is FANTASTIC! I gurantee you will not find a better teacher at USC. He gives out about 10/11 quizzes a semester. You drop 2. Course is out of 1000 points and exams are worth 300. He gives a bonus 3 points for remembering your individual accounting id #. Course is out of 1,000 points and the class is curved. Be prepared to have accntng parties
Great guy, accounting's not my thing and his teaching style works for most but not me. If you need clarification go to his office hours or ask TA. Also can go to Javid for tutoring (if math oriented I would recommend this). He uses the workbook religiously, but not he text. Don't skip a lecture, either go or watch online.
seriously hard class. if you don't understand his explanation, then there's really nothing else you can do, because he wrote the book and does the lectures (which are just him repeating what is written in the book word for word, anyway)
Loved merle! he truly wants you to do well and makes it easy for you to do so. dont have to attend his classes, can watch his lectures wherever online and made the material digestible.
AMAZING!!!
This is definitely the class that made me become an accounting major. Merle's funny, full of stories, and is a great teacher. If you don't understand the material, visit Merle or his TA's (that's why they're there). Fight on.
I took the online version, never went to class, but watched all the online lectures. Very clear and organized teaching style. The handout worksheets book is essential and is very good for teaching the material. Nice guy and really wants you to do well. Watch all the lectures and you will be fine. Tests follow handouts.
absolutely hate his teaching style. paper heavy with a million handouts.
By far the worst class and professor I have had thus far at Marshall.  It's too bad too because he's the only one teaching it.
great prof.  i enjoyed going to class.  i never felt as though any information was useless.  he really wants to see u succeed!
Very methodical and clear. If you do the handouts and go to class, it's as easy as pie to pass. =)
What a Good looking guy, Love to go out with him for a weekend on the park.
He is such a cute &quot;guy&quot;, very charming and interesting!! wish he tutor me privately all the time.  Guys he really your man.
Didn't enjoy the class, Seems like a fun guy but when I met him was a totally different story.
He is great, the subject is easy if you do your work. If you practice his handouts you can get an A
His online lectures are clear and he goes over everything at least twice, so you get a lot of practice before the tests. Quizzes also keep you on top of the material.
No Comments
Nice guy.  Too many handouts to do if I remember correctly
great professor- great man.
I took this class in 1999, but I thought he was great
pretty straight forward in his teaching style.  He's a good professor
good teacher... a must
good
No Comments
An excellent teacher for accounting. He clearly knows what he's doing and how to teach the subject matter to his students. He's very methodical and well-paced, which is perfect for the subject.
No Comments
He may teach a tough subject, but he is a good prof and knows his stuff
hard, favored guys, teaching very unclear, this class is really hard
He can be grouchy at times
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
18821	Massoud	Ghyam	64
I came into this class with two semesters of coding experience, so picking up Python was extremely easy. I asked Ghyam to help me learn more advanced topics that I could incorporate into our projects. He was very willing to accommodate and would always answer questions clearly. As for lectures, learn on CodeAcademy before and you'll breeze through.
Prof. Ghyam is obviously passionate about the material, but his explanation is lacking. If you go in and ask for help during his office hours he is far more clear than in lecture. Lectures are pretty boring, and he often strays from the material of the day. Best bet to understanding: read the textbook (free version online) and look at online notes
Not helpful. Lectures confusing. Tests did not cover what was taught in class. WORST TEACHER. don't do it.
Lectures not informative, spend too much time explaining things that are simple, skims over hard concepts. Class' pace is the slowest. Final project has irrelevant rubric due to copy pasting a rubric from an art class online (???). Makes dozens of mistakes when explaining comp. networking concepts. Tests are  not representative of students' skill.
Super easy class. Never come to class, didn't buy the textbook. Got above 100% in the class due to extra credit. Piece of cake.
You will have to teach yourself. If you already have interest in CS, you can do very well. Gives terrible lectures, his book has many mistakes in the code, and everything feels outdated. You will NOT leave the class adequately prepared for any future CS classes unless you seek outside help.
It's not just the 101 kids who don't like him. He just copied material from w3schools for lecture material. It's obvious he knows what he's talking about, but he's a miserable teacher. He barely even listens to questions before trying to answer them, and other communication problems are frequent. This class teaches how to make ugly 90's websites.
Lectures are unorganized. Book is rarely used. Taught myself and did fine. Beware of massive final project.
His programs always contain errors in the solutions, and overall his coding himself is amateur. When you talk to him during office hours he gets extremely defensive even if you are asking him to take a look at something because he did in fact make a grading error. I don't understand how he's still allowed to teach this class.
Terrible professor for a mediocre class.  Could have learned material on my own if I would have known how useless the class was.  Totally unhelpful as a professor, and completely unprofessional in office hours.
Fantastic teacher. He is passionate, engaging, and thorough. The class is very straightforward and his humor makes it enjoyable. Your grade consists of two major tests, weekly lab assignments, and programming assignments (about 2 per month). There is extra credit and the grading is very fair.
Very good teacher.  I had no prior programming experience and this taught me a lot and prepared me for my further endeavors in computer science & engineering.  Grading is very fair!
You can succeed in this class mainly by reading the textbook carefully, doing well on assignments and completing labs. I found it useful to do my assignments before lab and ask questions then. Lectures are very unorganized and I did not find them to be helpful.
Experienced lecturer and great professor. Very helpful during his office hours. I was new to C++ programming and he really made me interested in the subject. I would definitely recommend taking his class!
good prof... learnt a lot in his class at el camino...
Great professor. Explains everything clearly. Doesn't read from the slides. Makes sure everyone is on the same page. Goes over everything if you ask for it. 
Doesn't teach. Wrote his own (extremely unhelpful) textbook and made it mandatory. One of the worst CS professors I've ever had. Feels like he hasn't written a line of code in years. To anyone taking this class: http://www.cplusplus.com/ is your friend.
Definitely NOT a good professor.  I am a good programmer, and he definitely did not live up to my expectations as a professor.  Not clear, not helpful, bad examples, and doesn't write good tests.  I'm sure he's a nice guy, but past a 101 level, he's not very good for anyone very interested in really learning about programming.
Loved the class, no opinion on the prof himself. He's funny at times. I'm now a CS major (dropped Business) because I found the concepts so interesting. I know some people feel he's a poor lecturer but IDK. I taught myself and spent most of my time doing the HW in class so if you're self-motivated the class itself shouldn't be hard either way.
Ghyam's a pretty cool professor, but he can get frustrated at questions sometimes. He looks like Mr. Bean.
I had no programming experience, but I really enjoyed this class. I thought his lectures were very thorough (DON'T BUY THE BOOK unless you need more clarification). A lot of work, so be sure to stay on top of things-- don't wait until the last minute. Lots of resources (VARC, SI, TAs) to help you.
I expected a higher level of education from USC vs other colleges. Prof. Ghyam shattered this belief. He often cancelled class for no reason and was unavailable for OH. He doesn't seem like he cares about his students, to the point where the TA said that we should be taught by another professor (Nash).  His lectures are inaccurate and unclear. AVOI
maybe because he was teaching from another teacher's syllabus, his lectures were pretty useless and he didn't cover all the material that was on the final in class or lab. Difficult concepts were unexplained.
a generous and nice guy. He will help students when he can help and he is really really kind. Talk to him a lot and ask more questions.
Not a difficult class if you pay attention in lecture and do the readings. Assignments are straight forward and relatively easy. Exams draw directly from assignments so if you do consistently well on those you will have no trouble on exams. An easy B+/A- if you put in a little effort but an A is definitely achievable. Overall good professor
Easy to follow at first, if you pay attention in lecture and take notes you will have no problem doing most assignments.Gets confusing and hard at the end, often not teaching important stuff you need to know for a program.Answers some questions but mainly he acts annoyed when answering questions, and I have seen him get mad at people asking a ques.
Passionate and knowledgable teacher. Easy class if you stay on top of work and pay attention in class. Great resources available through Viterbi for helping you finish your program. Textbook is useful reference but is not required.
Mediocre teacher. Do not really learn that much in class, most of the learning is done doing the programs, reading the book, and attending labs.
Ghyam's lectures are rather confusing, and his labs are extremely simple and repetitive. If you want a class that will spark your interest in Computer Science, this is NOT it.
Worst teacher I have ever had at USC. (I am a senior now). His directions were so unclear. He taught absolutely nothing. He got mad at people for whispering to each other so they could actually understand something. Oh and don't forget about his example code never compiling. I don't know how USC has let him teach the way he has for all this time...
U could tell he wants to help and shows interest, but he just can't teach well. His assignments are really unclear-directions out of context. The labs are not consistent w/what ur learning. DO NOT BUY HIS BOOK! BUY THE BOOK FOR CSCI102! Much better! Difficulty in assignments is not gradual. Nukes u at the end. Easy xtra credit if prior experience.
This class is challenging, especially if you have no programming experiencing, but it's worth it. He goes through the material really fast, so read up before class. Tons of helpful resources are online and on campus. Practice coding for each part and start on projects early. If you put the effort, then this will be a rewarding class, it was for me.
I liked the professor. But I really wished we spent more time on the final project topics. I didn't have ANY experience with programming and the final project killed my grade. Make sure to really prepare for the last part of the semester.
I agree with a lot of things said here. While Ghyam's instructions and lectures(he does use funny analogies) sometimes are somewhat contradictory and confusing, he does seem like he genuinely wants to help. His online notes are pretty clear, but his book is a tad unpolished. His tests/projects are actually reasonable if you read the book and notes.
Really dislike this teacher.  He clearly does not care about his students.  He delegates grading and everything to all of his TA's because he has too many students and so when you have a question about the grading of something he just tells you to talk to them, and they are usually unreachable.  Easy until the final project, which is unreasonable
Coming in with little programming experience, I found this class to be exceptionally difficult.  Ghyam's lectures are difficult to understand and the TAs speak little English.  The texts literally don't make sense.  Ghyam's grammar is awful, and his questions are full of contradictions.  The TAs answer test questions with &quot;try your best.&quot;
Prof. Ghyam gives a lot of lab and assignment work which is good for understanding the material. He writes on the board and teaches however as if everyone knows the material already. And Sometimes he gets annoyed at the questions that students ask. Overall this is a challenging class, which you will learn through the labs and assignments.
Like others have said, the class was easy up until the end. Had an A now getting a C+. The last midterm and the final are very challenging, especially if you have no prior programming experience. Don't count on a curve to help you out--the semester avg is usually around a 75 and he won't curve unless it drops below that
had an extremely high A until 2/3 thru where i got SO lost bcz he taught it like everyone knew it already.  i just finished and cant compile a decent program for anything. so glad its over.
Coming in w/ 3 yrs HS and 5's the AP's, I know my stuff. Getting a C because he either lost my work or handed it off to a grader who (she supervises the lab sections) couldn't fix the problems herself. How can I trust her grading&#63; He just delegates everything down the chain and then claims loss of liability as a prof since he has too many students.
Professor Ghyam is probably one of the worst professors I have ever experienced. He is very incomprehensible in the lecture and very, very unhelpful in office hours. He gets annoyed when you ask questions and generally does not want to help. He also is very lazy and misses class and does not post thinsg online that he says he will.
Decent teacher. Best way to learn is to go to his office hours. He is most helpful there. Also VARC helps out a lot. There are plenty of resources you can use for this class. If you want an A you don't need to be a genius.
This class is not for those who are not CSCI majors.  I am an engineering major and this was my first/only CSCI class required, I found it the most difficult of any class I have ever taken, mostly because I had no previous knowledge of the subject, and the class (after the first midterm) was taught to the level of those with C++ experience.
A good lecturer. His tests are kind of hard but fair grader. The final project is not that bad but not that easy.
For students already familiar with computer programming (especially C++) this class will be VERY easy. Students without any prior knowledge of programming will have a significantly more difficult time with the material.
Very cool teacher. The only thing I'd worry about is maybe the tests, and the first project. The traces on the tests kind of sucked, but that's just my opinion. The code overall wasn't so bad. I got a lot of help from friends/TA's though.
Good lecturer, nice, has a lot of office hours and half of his tests are fair. He will throw a difficult exam that won't be a measurement of how much you studied. Assignments are very hard. If you take this class, consider taking it with a light course load.
I consider him the nicest and easiest professor in CS departement. Everyone should take his classes.
Great Prof.
Good at explaining, but sometimes leaves out somethings during lecture then teaches everything when people ask a lot. Interesting guy with funny analogies.
Ghyam is a great guy, but I honestly think he was totally awesome for 101 and totally lost steam and context in 105.  So definitely take him for 101, and consider your options when it comes to 105.  Although I hear maybe 105 isn't happening any more, so in
No Comments
No Comments
Ghyam is a great prof. to build solid CS fundamentals. He is very clear and easy to understand. He's highly recommended to people who are taking their first CS class.
Great Prof.
The guy has no clue what's going on.  The final material came from 2 days' worth of lectures verbatim.  He didn't understand the material he was teaching (&quot;Java interfaces is just a fancy way of inheriting another class&quot;).  Easy A though. Take C
He's awesome.  He cracks me up.  He's not ACTUALLY funny, he just makes funny comparisons.  He's great for CSCI101.  He makes everything very simple.  If you've never programmed take it with him.  Watch out for his notorious &quot;Make sense&#63;&quot;
Obviously had no understanding of the Java programming language. Made it up as he went along by reading the code from the book. Learned absolutely NOTHING from him. He's easy though, so if you just want a grade...
Great teacher, easy class.  Good assignments, but his voice made me sleepy...
No Comments
very clear, easy going, helpful.  Knowledgable in his field, the best prof so fa
Was great at CSCI 101, but what the heck happened for CSCI 105???
No Comments
very easy class, explains all the basic information and answers questions well
1230111	Ira	Kalb	60
Kalb is only for the students with a passion to be successful marketers. If you're simply taking the class bc its required, I'd recommend taking someone else. The information he offers is incredibly straight forward and he backs his methodology with plenty of anecdotes and experiences from his work. Always willing to clarify, wants you to succeed.
Kalb is the only marketing prof. that will actually teach you something real. He's proud, picky and unorthodox in the way he teaches. No textbook, but huge emphasis on his notes, lectures and articles. Focus in on everything he says and it's easy to understand his concepts. He gives more A's than most professors so just respect him and try.
Great class overall. Kalb is extremely knowledgable and really cares about his students. He doesn't use the textbook and provides lecture outlines instead. Memorize these and you will do fine. The final project is valuable and you will learn alot. Defintely take his class, the BEST marketing professor out of all of them 
Kalb is with out a doubt knows what he is teaching. He has lots of experience and certainly does not hesitate to let you know that (HUGE EGO). While he can seem intimidating he is quite nice outside of class like office hours. Group project was helpful. Tests are straight from his slides. He grades very hard on HW, attendance, and participation. 
THE worst class I have taken at USC. Kalb is arrogant and stuck in the past (just check out his website). Don't even think to offer a new insight on marketing techniques; it's his way or the highway. Participation (aka getting on his good side) is necessary for a decent grade. I made the mistake to believe the positive reviews on here. Avoid. 
Professor Kalb is the best professor at Marshall, and I've had a lot of professors. He's realistic and actually prepares you for the real world.Even if you don't get an A, if you pay attention you will learn something and hopefully you wont forget it when you enter the workforce because he knows what he's talking about. Take him no matter what!
Reading this page prior to taking Kalb's class completely freaked me out. Never fear! Kalb is a giant teddy bear. He is the kindest, most caring professor I have had at USC. One caveat: Kalb does not like for students to disagree with him. And his incessant emails are obnoxious. Sit in the front of section/participate vehemently and you'll be fine.
...People confuse his real world personal success stories with ego issues. They are probably used to other professors who repeat what's in the text book or teach what OTHER people have done, not from their own personal experience. In his class you can truly learn all the colorful aspects of designing and executing a marketing plan.
Kalb truly knows marketing and is a great professor. You will learn a lot in his class. He has at least 30+ years of real world marketing experience, so I think he has the right to have confidence. His students who don't even have their bachelors degrees and don't know anything about the real business world need to calm down about his "ego"...
He's a marketer alright. There's more of his e-mails than all spam combined. The way he grades things is kind of awkward, but just do your work and you should be fine. I would take some other professor other than him just cause he speaks of himself too highly. Might as well call himself the "best."
He's old school meaning he won't baby you. He's trying to prepare you for the big bad world as he likes to say. The test are pretty insane; 125 questions each for the midterm and final. He also gave us a project which gave us the opportunity to work with Ernst & Young. If you want to learn marketing, I recommend you taking him.
Cares about his students but can be rude if you ask or say the wrong thing. He thinks he knows everything. Talks about himself all the time. Wouldn't take him again.
He's got good intentions, and I've learned a good amount. One problem I found is that he thinks he knows current marketing, but he's definitely behind a few years. All it takes is a look at his website (where you don't want to look any further because there is no contrast) and his ads (which looks like they're from the 90's).
Good professor, extremely knowledgeable. Would recommend taking 307 with him.
One of the best professors I've ever had. Cares about his students, EXTREMELY knowledgable and experienced with marketing (not just some academia). He know his stuff. PROBLEM: He is extremely arrogant, condescending and thinks he's the best thing that's happened to the marketing world. As haughty as he is, I'd take his class again.
Kalb at first may come off as being a know it all but when you get to know him he really does know a lot. He has tons of real marketing experience and the stuff he teaches is hard to grasp at first but using it on my internship made me stand out above everyone else. He also takes the time to memorize all students names each semester. Truly cares.
Let me tell you the real truth. kalb puts so much value of his time that he comes off as obnoxious and rude. Students are here to learn, so what if the questions are easy, secretarial, or somewhat obvious to you. Learning should never be this intimidating. Overall, kalb is highly knowledgeable, but his personality makes this class terrible.
Basically: shut up, be engaged, answer his questions, and grow your marketing muscles. Kalb's a smart man, don't waste his time with administrative questions/deviations/issues. Move through Marshall and your career knowing more than your competing peers, but really, shut up and listen to the man.
Very knowledgable. Nice guy if you catch him in the right mood. Steer clear if he's not. That said, I think I probably learned the most from him and my "marketing muscles" have definitely grown :P Take Kalb he's awesome
He is very knowledgeable about marketing, but he is also the most pretentious professor I've had in Marshall. He gives valuable info about the subject, but at the cost of having to hear about how busy he is with other classes, clients, etc. Quite hard headed as well.
I'd have to say this is easily the best class I've ever taken at USC. The guy's a baller - yes, he has an ego but who wouldn't if you've been as successful as him in life? - and the class is awesome and interesting. Show up to class and participate. The guy drops extremely valuable knowledge that will help you for ever.
super great class
ummmm....THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A MUST TAKE!!!!!!!!!
SOOOOO many opportunities to learn and to do something real...a chance to try your hand at marketing using the material he teaches. He is the best!
This is the best professor Ive ever had at USC...take him for 307 and any other class he teaches! Best teacher ever!!!!! I feel sorry for you if you get anybody else because you won't learn anything!
grrrrrrrreat!
REALLY GREAT CLASS!!!
AWESOME!!!
Really great guy, excellent teacher! Take him and participate and it's easy to get at least a B on the 2 tests! I highly recommend!!!!!
Kalb ROCKS!!! He literally is THE BEST PROFESSOR EVER!!!! I mean, just take his class, you'll learn more than you ever imagined and you'll never forget it either. I always was interested in marketing but after this class, I have officially fell in love with it and am making it my major!! One midterm, one cool project and one final!study all slides!
Very cocky but he definitely know what he's talking about. No textbook required. DONT ASK STUPID QUESTIONS. Participate a lot in the discussions and he'll love you. The text are LITERALLY all off of the powerpoint. You'd think it'd be simple but there is a lot of content on those slides.
Pro: I would say this prof knows what he is talking about, both in a theoretical and practical sense. I believe many professors only teach and have not had much exposure to real business. I would say that he does have that. Con: He seems rather conceited, if you take his class you would find that he talks about himself quite a lot.
This class is awful! Although the lecture is okay, the midterm test is horrible! he gives you like 125 questions with 5 option : A, B, C, D : A or B, E: All of the above. And  you have to finish it within 1 1/2 hours! It makes people feel dizzy!  He tries to rid you off! Take another professor! Don't ruin your GPA by taking this class!
Arrogant, yes. Outdated techniques, yes. But Kalb is an excellent professor, nonetheless, and truly cares about his students. Make sure you participate a lot so he can get to know you and therefore he will like you early on. I thought he was a great professor.
Good
Class isn't too bad, but he's not a very good teacher.  Project is awful.  Tests aren't too hard, but final is harder than midterm.  MEMORIZE POWERPOINTS FOR THESE.  He likes people who participate a lot, even if what you're saying isn't adding much to the conversation.  No book used.  I would not recommend taking him.
The class is very useful. He has one midterm and one final and a project. Just study the powerpoint slides since he doesn't use a book. Make sure to know even minor details on slides since the tests are 125 questions. The class isn't too hard. I studied maybe 4 hours the morning of the final and had one of the highest grades.
Class is not that bad. Most arrogant prof ever met in my life. He is very narrow minded and wants you to do as he says or will dock points. Has a midterm and final and a presentation at the end of the semester. Participate in class because he will take points away if you dont. I would give him a B- as a prof.
I regret having taken this class. I read the comments about his arrogance but I thought it couldn't be that bad. WRONG. His teaching is soo outdated. He thinks he is God. I though &quot;Oh a few hours a week won't be so bad.&quot; He emails you at least 3 times a day. He teaches you one thing and then does another. Impossible to satisfy this man. AVOID!!!!!
Calls himself the marketing god. just a tad to stuck up for my taste. just parrot back everything he says and he will love you. participate in class (dont every dare disagree with him) and you will get an A
Kalb's class is pretty easy, but I didn't learn much. His course doesn't have a book, so it's Kalb's way or the highway. He definitely understands marketing, but his methodology is a little dumbed down for me. Also, he is socially retarded and has a lot of awkward interactions in class.
Really good professor who definitely knows his stuff.  He doesn't use a textbook, so you have to attend lecture.  Basically, just do what he tells you and you'll be fine, he doesn't have a problem giving out a bunch of A's if everyone does what he says
Probably teh best teacher ive taken at USC so far.... i dint care so much about the grade but i learned alot! does not use a textbook... one midterm and one cumulative final + a group project... but is biased and cocky.... but knows his stuff
He knows a lot of stuff about marketing. Takes this class way too serious. Hard grader, attendance mandatory to lecture+discussion. Lots of work. Midterm and final exam = 2 mc exams. You would think it's easy but he screws you over with A B C: A+B D:A+C E:N/A. Throws you off. Most people do horribly on them. Try a diff. professor.
He is intelligent, experienced and extremely talented in the marketing field. This should be the first choice for students who really wants to build up their marketing muscles. Downside, he is supposedly the marketing professor who gives out the most work, though none of them are hard enough to a big trouble if you get a good team.
i hate his guts personally he's just so boring and his discussions are exactly the same as the lecture but you're required to attend both. multiple choice tests sounds like a good idea but its his way or the highway and ppl dont do as well as you'd think
Greatest professor I've had yet in Marshall! He is cocky, he is kind of an ****, but he knows his stuff and I learned a lot. Plus it is pretty easy to get an A, and almost impossible to get anything lower than a B. People who say bad things just don't like him personally (understandable) but its a good class and he is a good teacher. Take it!
Most useless professor I've ever had. So full of himself &quot;I did this&quot;, &quot;I did that&quot;. He's constantly talking about himself and thinks his answer is always right and no one can tell him otherwise (despite arguing the point using HIS concepts). Don't waste your time and go to someone else who will actually respect you and grade you properly
I think Kalb is a great professor. No one can say he isn't cocky, but he means well. I find his class interesting because he uses very unusual techniques, such as no book, and shows Dead Poet Society clips as marketing examples. Have an open mind and you'll do well. Ask questions, and be known to the prof.
I don't understand why so many people rate him poorly.He's extremely intelligent,funny in an old-fashioned way,and treat students equally. His exams come all off the slides that I got As on exams. Yeah, impression management is important in this class, but it's marketing of yourself anyway. Make yourself sit in his brain and bump your grade up.
lol kalb may come off as pretty cocky BUT  i thought he was hilarious AND YOU REALLY DO LEARN in his class.  stuff he says really sticks and he repeats it again and again until it's stuck in ur head even if you don't study or sleep in class.  he's really helpful too, replies emails same day, office hrs. no textbook used.  straight MC tests.
Textbook not used, does not like stupid questions, participate in section and you should do just fine
ok yeah kalb is pretty cocky but overly confident is a better description. he's not THAT BAD i actually enjoyed his class.  you can't walk away without learning the key points of marketing and he provides a lot of practical world examples especially in his business. No textbook btw
He's extremely conceited but teaches good information in an easy manner.  Class is mandatory and very boring, but he is not extremely difficult.  I would suggest someone else, but he's not a bad second option.
I HATED him. He was sooo annoying I wanted to shot myself in the face everytime we had discussion. He's so ridiculously into himself that even when he's saying &quot;I'm not all that&quot; he's really meaning omg i'm so cool. don't take his class! save yourself the sanity.
Kiss butt and you will do great. Unique teacher with lots of real world experience. Very cocky, but I found his real world examples useful. Lecture is unnecessary except for signing yourself in for attendance. Discussion is important. Go and participate and you will get a good grade. Textbook was never used.
No textbook which is good. But in order to get a good grade, you really need to learn how to kiss his butt. Sometimes he acts like a kid. If you know how to kiss butt, he will bump your grade up.
Easy class. No textbook. 125 Multiple Choice in both MT and final. The professor is not helpful at all. People are afraid to ask questions. Whatever you ask, he refers your question as secretarial question. Always said he's there to help but not trying hard to answer questions you have. But it's not a really hard class compare with other marketing
Even though I got an A, I learned nothing from him. I got an A because my frd told me to participate in class no matter what you said make sense or not. I B/S a lot in class, and I got an A, my another frd got A- but all his tests are a lot higher than mine. He graded ppl based on whether he likes him or not. Not recommend.Oh yea.exams are nonsense
125 MC in both MT and Final. This kind of exam is stupid. Once you finish 70 questions, you don't want to do anymore. The most important rule to get an A in his class is to become his favorite &quot;pet&quot; since he never discovers participation point, he can do whatever he wants to lower your grade based on the impression he has on you.
917812	Chrislynn	Freed	57
Freed really cares about her students and whether they learn from her class, more so than any other professor I've had. During office hours, she is extremely helpful and will give tips on studying for her tests and quizzes. That said, her class is a lot of work and takes more time than my other classes (and I'm not even an accounting major).  
Professor Freed was hands down the best professor I've ever had. She knows her material, is very organized, and expects a lot from her students. If you're looking for an easy A, this is not the class for you. However, if you work hard and show interest in class, you will do just fine. 
Oh, Freed. She's truly one of a kind, and I'm not sure I mean that in a good way. To be fair, she is a very committed and good professor, and she expects that same commitment from her students. Get ready to work. I recommend going to her TA's office hours because she only wanted to converse or mock your questions in her's. Def get on her good side!
Prof Freed is caring. Class starts and ends on time. Takes attendance. Difficult class to get an A in. Easy B, B+. If you are an accounting major, take her you will learn. Has a big group project that is time consuming, but interesting, fun, and useful. Would recommend if you are willing to work for it, if not, better take somebody else.
You will have to make accounting your life to  get an A 
Professor Freed was absolutely incredible! Though, this class was extremely hard and the main task is to keep up and to not procrastinate! Freed became a second Mom to the entire class because she really cared and made sure everyone fully comprehended what we were doing at all times. Take a lot of notes and pay attention to the details!
Professor Freed is the best teacher I have had at USC thus far. She expects a lot out of her students, but that is because she gives a lot of effort to her students. She's prepared, organized and prints out slides for every class for everyone. She talks about relevant topics and gives feedback and grades back hastily. She is fiery but a sweetheart.
Great professor. Hard grader. Be sure to attend the classes, get a lot of participation points. Dont forget to do homeworks. Quiz and midterms are not hard but need study. Final harder than the rest.
Professor Freed is such an awesome teacher! She cares much about her students, although her class is very hard. Her class is organized & goes fast with slides that she hands out. She prepares you for the outside world & hates late attendance, so don't be late! Homework is a must, & try to attend her office hours, she's totally worth getting to know
Professor Freed is simply AWESOME!! She is very knowledgeable and a sassy professor. She is like a mother who wants the best for you! Her exams are not easy which means you really need to keep up with your work from day 1. If you do so, an A wouldn't be too far away. TAKE HER!!
Without a doubt the best professor I have ever taken!! She is very strict but fair.  She is willing to help you. She provides slides for each class and practice problems for exams with lot's of additional office hours. Take her!
Professor Freed is one of the best professors I have every taken.  She encourages her students to do well and provides the materials to help them.  Her lectures are clear and she provides printed slides for every class. Go to office hours if you need help, she has lot's of them.  She also helps you with unrelated class stuff, like how to get jobs.
She takes attendance everyday and gets very upset if you are even a little late. She collects HW every week so you must do it. She is helpful during office hours and lots nicer in office hours. She goes over a lot of information in each class and pays attention to who is there, who leaves, who did HW, etc. The class requires a lot of work.
Freed is a great teacher, and she knows what she is talking about. However, she is really strict and can be mean on a lot of days. She is also really fast and gets mad if you ask her to repeat something. She is much nicer in her office hours so it helps to go to them.
Freed is a superb professor! She has HIGH expectations of her students, but she gives you everything you need to be successful. Take advantage of her office hours and build a relationship with her. It will pay off. She's WELL CONNECTED, and quite honestly an amazing person. She really preps her lectures and it shows. DO THE READING AND HW daily!
Professor Freed races through the material, so pre-class preparation is key. Still, her lectures are very organized and clear; doing all the HW/practice questions basically guarantee an A on the exam. Relevant examples, interesting class overall. She is definitely very enthusiastic about accounting and it rubs off.
Prof Freed is amazing! She is tough but genuinely cares for ALL of her students. Her class was one of the most challenging and rewarding classes I've taken at USC and I wouldn't change the experience for all the world! Thanks Prof. Freed!!!
Great professor to take!  Provides you with a good transition from community college to USC.  Always available to help.  TAKE HER!
Great Teacher. very interested in her students and sports. come to class prepared though because she moves quickly.
This class was tough! If you don't have a decent or good background in accounting then you probably shouldn't take this class. She's helpful and has lots of office hours,but some of the comments about her personality are true. What's upsetting is that she makes the test hard, but doesn't provide adequate time to finish especially the final!
I was an A-student community college transfer, and received a B in her class. To succeed here and in the business world, you have to apply the numbers you are crunching to real life and know what they actually mean. I finally understood that the last week of class though. Hardly anyone finishes the midterms and finals on time.
TAKE HER!! Professor Freed is one of the hardest working professors.  She provides powerpoint slides for classes, practice problems for exams and lot's of office hours if you need help.  She had TA's that are also very helpful.
She is one of the best Accounting Professor I've had. She is very animated and loves accounting. This class will demand a lot of time but you will learn tons as well. She will always explain to you in her office hours if you don't understand the material. Don't fall behind and just keep up and you will do fine.
Presentations are super fun and the tests and hard, but if you can take a 3 hour test in 2 hours, go for it!! She's super kind and helps whenever you need it. Take her, she's cool!
DONT TAKE HER. If you want to be harassed,put down,and yelled at then go ahead. She takes what should be a review and over-complicates it. She is super anal about grading. Dont assume you'll get a full 20 points, you'll get 17.26489...come on, that's ridiculous. She's the only teacher who teaches 305.Makes your first transfer semester horrible!!
Great professor if you really want to understand not just accounting but business as well.  Very helpful and caring.
Professor Freed is by far the best professor I have ever taken!  She is demanding but she gives you everything you need, detailed slides, practice problems for exams, extra office hours for exams and team presentations. If you want to understand, accounting, finance and overall business strategy, she is the professor to take!
If your accounting background is not solid. Do not take this class. She goes through one chapter per class. Which very fast pace. Prepare to work like crazy..
SHE IS THE BEST! Class is challenging but the professor provides what you need to be successful.  I have now switched my major to accounting as a result of this professor.
Great professor! Make sure to participate in class and show an active interest in learning. She is helpful if you need help and wants her students to succeed. I'd take more classes with her if I could but by the end of the semester I decided to switch to accounting as my major because of this class.
Best professor I have ever taken.  Extremely helpful.  Gives you what you need to be successful. Going to class and office hours is a must! Staying up with the class is important.  Take her!
Freed sets high expectations for her students and has a very low tolerance for slackers. She can at times be &quot;crazy,&quot; rude, and impatient, but is extremely energetic and has a passion for accounting. Her class inspired me to become an accounting major. It's been said many times on here already, but go to her office hours (best advice I can give).
Best Professor Ever~~~~~!!!Take her!!!!
If you want to learn about accounting, definitely take Freed. She is not the easiest professor but if you go to her office hours often and make the effort, you'll do fine. Do all the homework, READ, visit her and you are set!
Professor Freed was a tough teacher, but she is fair and has a passion in teaching her students.  If she knows you try she will not fail you. Do your homework, go to class, show improvement on your tests and you will get a solid grade in that class. Freed is an amazing Professor and you are lucky to be in her class.
She is the best!! I learned a lot but did work hard in the class.
she is crazy.. gave me anxiety. she speaks down to you when you ask questions but you will learn a lot in this class. but be prepared.. she's not the nicest when your not
One of the most caring professors ever. If accounting is not your forte, dont worry - she really values those who work hard and try. Homework is a must, attending class is a must. Go to her office hours - get help there. May act a little crazy sometimes, but its she's fun. Will get a C if you try, and most likely better than that with effort.
305 is a transfer class, as a transfer student I highly suggest it. She is not easy, but if you were looking for an easy prof why would you be at USC in Marshall. Yes showing up to class on time is a must, but showing up to work on time is important too. She covers alot in class so for questions officer hours are a must. In the end she is amazing!!
Listen here, take this teacher for BUAD 305 if possible. I should have failed the class with around a D-. She gave me a C+ for hard work, I'm assuming. Very energetic and fun. Quizzes every other week. A few tests. One big group project/presentation on a company. Not too bad
The professor is very strict and does not tolerate rude behavior in class which is good for students that really care about the class.  She is extremely helpful and gives you everything you need to be sucessful in this class. Take her, she is worth the high tuition at USC.
Impatient, rude, unclear, and insensitive. Cannot be late to class and will not answer questions. She teaches 3 classes a day so the class is highly systematized. Would not recommend her, but the class is not too hard; just the professor makes the class unbearable. Very rude remarks to students, which dismisses any respect that may have been given!
Overrated, and sometimes kinda mean.  This one poor guy would ask questions and she would get mad and basically tell him he's an idiot.  If your 10 seconds late to class she gets so mad she almost explodes and then docks you down 2309482304932 points. Means well, and very knowledgeable, but I hated her in lecture. However, she's the best 305 prof
Absolutely, positively, without a doubt, bar none the best teacher at USC. If you're lucky enough to take her class thank your lucky stars and enjoy it while it lasts because it's all downhill from here!
I love her. She makes me love accounting and she's so helpful and so nice!! The best professor I've ever had. TAKE HER!
Most helpful and caring professor I have had at USC.
GREAT professor!!! her lectures are great and she really cares about her students. If you are an accounting major she prepares you very well for the 370 series classes. She tells you exactly what material will be covered on exams so there is no reason to not get an A in her class.
Prof. Freed truly cares about her students and their development. She provides extended offices hours before all tests and a review before the final.  Most professors might only add an hour before a final, but Prof. Freed provides days with extra hours. She breaks down the concepts into easy to understand concepts. She makes learning accting fun.
I really recomend taking 410 with professor freed, she puts so much time into her lectures and is always available to help. she actually made accounting fun, which is not an easy task. The class was hard but she made sure you got it and the tests are fair. She has a great sense of humor and uses it to make the class amazing!
I don't know what those others are talking about.  Maybe they just don't have a sense of humor and don't like to work.  She is a great professor.
one of the meanest and coldest teachers I have ever met. Never helps students with anything, just makes fun of them. Always complains about other students behind their backs, and complains about how she has been trying to retire for years but keeps losing money in the stock market..then teaches you how to pick a company to invest in thinkin shes pr
Amazing Prof! Actually made accounting enjoyable for me. Just show up to class and you're set.
she is a great professor. she is fun energetic and if you don't pass it's simply because you simply did not go to class. I just do the hw &quot;sometimes&quot; and go to class and i'm doing quite well. I don't really ask her questions cuz she looks at you like you're stupid, but all i can say is pay attention and it will pay off. Take care. Worth the tuition
Very clear, to the point, gives lots of examples. Explains well too.
She is the best and why I pay the high tuition at USC.  If you don't take her you are wasting your money.
She has to be one of the best professors I've ever had. Now don't take that for meaning she's easy, she's not. But she supplies you with everything you need to be successful in her class. If you don't use it, that's your fault. Her enthusiasm is a major plus! This lady has connections...if you're an acct. major utilize her. She's the BEST!
No Comments
960918	Albert	Herrera	56
Difficult test writer ie concept based not memorization based. He video records his lectures and syncs them to slides playlist so if you miss class you can see exactly what you missed. He puts up audio files, too. I played his lectures' audio multiple times while cleaningeatingetc and it was a great resource. Wish more teachers did same. 
The material isn't that bad, its the way he creates his exams. He tests you as if you are already a doctor and can diagnose patients by a given scenario. There are two professors who switch off mid-semester try to solidify your grade as much as possible before Herrera starts teaching. It will be hell but you will learn a lot.
Dr. Herrera is an outstanding lecturer. He teaches the material in a way that really stimulates your interest because of its applicability. He's very helpful and even pretty funny. And don't listen to the other reviews, it IS possible to do well in the class if you put the time into it and really UNDERSTAND rather than memorize the material.
class is difficult but Herrera is VERY helpful. ask him anything. he will thoroughly answer. concepts are super in depth so procrastination is the last thing you want to do. curve for his midterms are very giving. avg is always around mid 90s out of 160. everyone is in the same boat. as for herrera, he is willing to help and wants you to do well!
Hardest biology professor ever. Stay away. I'm premed and his exams were just insane. Like mini MCAT exams. Have to go to lecture or watch videos because his slides are USELESS.  Questions are super analytical and way too hard for a 50 minute exam with  53 questions. Avoid this section if you enjoy fair test. Also avoid Emi as a TA lol.
Herrera's sole purpose in life is to create vague and perplexing exam questions. You learn a lot, a lot more than at any other school but sadly your knowledge doesn't correlate with your grade. He's a fantastic genius and a below average educator. Biology is complex enough as it is, making things more complicated than they should doesn't help.
Contrary to what everyone else has said, Dr. Herrera's class was actually easy. The curve is extremely generous, with a majority of (dumb) students getting at least a B, and all the lectures are online so going to class isn't even mandatory. The tests are difficult, yes, but the averages are so low that any test grade will earn you a good grade.
Dr .Herrera is an excellent professor. I had him for bisc 220 and really enjoyed his lecture and the material. The average on his exams is very low, but that's because he asks application questions. Know and UNDERSTAND the material and you'll be fine. you'll learn a lot from him and learn how to think as well. I look forward to taking bisc 307
BEST CLASS I HAVE EVER TAKEN AT USC..... honestly i know everyone says it's really hard... it is ! however, completely manageable.... you just have to rewatch the lectures that they put up online and keep up with the material.  Really a rewarding experience
One of the best academic experiences I've had at USC. His class is extremely demanding, but he's an amazing professor. To do well in his class you need to have the readings done before hand, and literally transcribe everything he says in lecture (video recordings posted online). study it. think outside the box. think APPLICATION not regurgitation
He only cares about premeds and seems to think that going quickly through the material will make students perform better on tests. He takes his job as a "weed out" instructor too seriously.
BISC 307 wasn't easy. But, it also wasn't impossible. I think what made his teaching style so great was his understanding that students in that class were there to learn legitimately interesting and useful information. He delivers, but also makes you come to the table. Don't look for an easy A with Herrera. Look for a great academic experience.
By no means was BISC 307 easy, but Dr. Herrera made his lectures available online (meaning attendance is optional), and the curve was quite generous. He wants you to really think about medical conditions and his questions are very challenging. However, I would definitely recommend this course. It is much more pertinent than any other bio course.
The 2nd half of the class with Herrera was MUCH more difficult. He used few slides, mostly diagrams with very little text, and spent ages on each slide. Lectures posted online helped to understand it. Exams were very hard, questions asked on things he had barely touched on and required a convoluted level of application. Do well in the first half.
Avoid this professor if you can. The fact that over 50% of his students do not attend his lectures are a testament to his teaching style. You can memorize the book, watch his lecture videos, and go to SI sessions. When exam day comes, nothing will help you because his questions are abstract and do not follow the guidelines outlined in the course.
Great professor — really knows his stuff and conveys the information very well.  His tests are very difficult, all application based, but this only requires you to study as hard as you can and actually understand the information (instead of just remembering it).  Great preparation and thinking development for the future!
Amazing professor. Its a weeder class so of curse its hard but lectures are posted online so you dont have to attend. It's actually more helpful to just take notes from the video bc he goes really fast. highly recommend. This half of the class will let you know if you you're ready for premed courses later on
such a difficult professor. if you are taking another science class with this..don't. his section will demand every waking moment of your time if you want to get an A. he will teach you the flow of blood thru the heart then ask u to diagnose a patient for an exam question. but he is brilliant
If you go to lectures and actually read every single day, you'll be fine. Curve is nice and he's pretty funny.
No, the course isn't impossible but Dr. Herrera's style is quite different.  Rather than regurgitation, it is nearly all "applying" type questions.  He writes his own tests and is not afraid to inundate you with 10+ written answers along with multiple choice.  Highly recommend reading BEFORE and simply sitting in lecture to absorb what he says.
Med school has nothing to do with this concept of teaching. If you pay thousands of dollars in student loans the best you should expect is good teachers with a descent approach to teaching not the type of weeding that typically occurs at the UC's. Very disappointing to know that the Bios and Chem Departments for the most part lack good instructors.
Herrera's a tough professor, but this course is by no means impossible. He simply wants you to work hard to earn your grade. Pay attention in class, lectures are important. Tests are application based, so he'll make you connect simple concepts to difficult problems. Challenging course, but great preparation for medical school.
hes an awesome teacher but the course is really hard. memorize everything he says is really difficult- it'll be on the test
VERY DIFFICULT! Not only do you need to memorize everything, you need to be able to apply it to any situation Herrera can come up with. Don't bother with the book, only lectures are helpful, though unorganized. Tests are EXTREMELY hard, so good luck studying.
Best pre-health professor you will have, his class will be the one to make you know whether or not you are cut out to run with the pack.
Doctor Herrera is interesting during class. He likes to go on interesting tangents, but he always brings the topic back to center. His tests are the hardest I've ever taken. His class shows me I don't think I'll make it through med school! The labs were tedious, but lots of cool dissections.
Although the concepts learned in BISC220 are not particularly difficult to understand, Herrera makes his exams EXTREMELY tough. However, he is the best prof to get because he has the most control over the exam material. The best tip I can give is to KEEP UP WITH LECTURES and try to understand things conceptually from the beginning.
Herrera's tests are extremely hard but at all costs take him over any other bISC 220 professor because he writes all the tests. He is really hard. GO for understanding not memorization. He also is rarely available and realllly hard to keep in touch with.
Dr. Herrera is an amazing teacher! His class will definitely let you know if health professions are right for you. His lectures are all posted online, and his QA sessions are broadcasted live. Focus on the lectures, and SEEK HELP if you need it. Don't fall behind in lectures and readings, and GO TO SI (I went to all sessions). An A is attainable.
He's a funny guy. You won't fall asleep during his lectures, you'll probably even chuckle at his jokes. Overall, a pretty nice guy. His lectures are pretty detailed as well. Super hard class though. His tests are so in-depth, that even with lecture, SI sessions, and the text book, his exams are still EXTREMELY difficult.
Worst professor I've taken so far at USC. Science is only secondary to his ego. He claims showing up at his help sessions will push you over if you are borderline on grades. He doesn't have any idea if you show up or not and could honestly care less about his students. Get familiar with the textbook, you are going to need it.
His tests are challenging, I do like the way they test; it is VERY ANALYTICAL requiring a thorough and deep understanding of the materials. memorization WILL NOT CUT IT. you MUST understand why certain processes occur and the different systems. I really enjoyed 220 but Herrera is kind of mean. Sounds like a hermit too.BISC220 is a very good class.
Exams are  too  hard. Majority of the students fail  his exams.
Decently interesting lecturer, but his huge ego really irked me. Also tends to give ridiculously convoluted questions on his exams.
I took the physiology class that he taught to high school students over the summer. I came in with high expectations and he really bored me to death. I was really anxious to get out of lecture, and he is such a peculiar person. I tried to get to know him on a personal level but he was really creepy /. He treats the high schoolers like college kids.
Great&useful class, NOT that scary hard. Study more for his essay-heavy/practical application style exams, do nott let McClure's easier book-based exams fool you. Lectures are more important than book-PAY attention to real world situations he presents & in the book. Also, really know the nervous system, it's heavily tested (He's a neurobiologist)
I love Dr. Herrera! It was a hard class, but I learned a ton and thought he was really helpful during office hours or during his Q&A sessions.
Think you're going somewhere&#63; You're not going anywhere. Herrera will make sure that all of his pre-health hopefuls have their souls crushed by the end of the course because his monstrous ego is fueled by abysmal exam averages.
Definitely a hard class, but Dr. Herrera is a very helpful professor! He posts his lectures online, contributes to student discussion online, and his Q&A sessions are helpful as well. You really need to put a lot of time into the class to do well though. Stop whining about the professor, suck it up and study.
This class is extremely interesting. If you love bio/the human body, you will love Dr. Herrera! I agree that he kind of has an ego and might even like the fact that some students hate him, but overall the class is worth the trouble. Highly recommend.
Herrera was the 2nd lecturer in this class, which I was hating up to that point. Although he was demanding of his students,his lectures were great and really packed with information. You have to work for the grade, but he gives you your money's worth, and also the tools to succeed: concise lectures (take good notes!) Big ego but really passionate.
So far  I haven't  seen  anyone liking him. He will make you go  suicidal. Trust me and those other raters.
Must review his lectures, don't bother with the book. Pretty consistently sleep-inducing, but is it ever easy to explain the cardiac system&#63; Attend the Q & A, always helpful there. Arguably egotistic, doesn't interfere with the coursework though.
Very Boring. EASILY distracted by trivial things like a bug on the floor or simply someone opening and shutting the door. Hard to stay tuned it with. Horrible lecturer.
Very knowledgeable but also arrogant. He's got great slides and obviously takes a lot of pride in them. Lectures are very clear and he makes an effort to reach out to students. His examples are very interesting. Overall his massive ego is overshadowed by his passion for the class. Good professor.
The class is not actually that bad (although I didn't do well--but that was due to my own laziness). A few questions on his exam are repeats from his practice tests, he does it on purpose. His test questions are application-based (e.g. &quot;this dude is experiencing these symptoms...explain&quot;). He rambles on during lectures.
Agreed. WEEDER COURSE. His lectures are SO unorganized and erratic but important since his exams are based on his lectures. I struggled to stay awake in class & thus had to rewatch them online, only to find myself fighting to stay awake again. Reading the book helps a little but again, his lectures cover a lot of stuff not in the book...GOOD LUCK
Not very good at teaching... doesn't even seem to have notes and talk straight of the top of his head and so all the information is very random. He needs to learn how to teach!
Not as bad as everybody has made it out to be. Put in the time, work hard, and you can do fine. Test questions do get a bit obnoxious, but Herrera has good intentions. Regardless, you don't really have an option so good luck.
I don't know what these other reviewers are talking about.  If you make the effort to come see him he's eager to help.  That said, his BISC220 is the hardest class I've ever taken in my entire life.  Pay attention in lectures, that's pretty key.  Rewatch them online and go to the help sessions.  But Herrera's great.
Wow. Take this class at UCLA extension. This guy just wants to weed students out. He sucks at teaching, his &quot;help sessions&quot; are useless, and he really enjoys stroking his ego. He turns the class most vital for the MCAT into a terrible experience. Try somewhere/something else.
sucks. tests are based off of his lectures, which are erratic and SO SO boring (yet mandatory&#63; stupid clickers.)  asks theoretical questions on exams, so listen for examples. good luck....
this guy is a worthless teacher. avoid him at all costs. he sucks at teaching and makes his class all about weeding kids out. i hate him.
Dr. Herrera is an egotistical self-absorbed professor. His class/lectures are fine, but if you ever have to have a one-on-one conversation with him he won't even listen to what you have to say. He is so caught up on having a perfect curve that he makes the curve more important than trying to teach. Don't be borderline on grades, he won't bump up.
No Comments
No Comments
15633	Gandhi	Puvvada	55
Take his Course! You'l learn a lot. Brilliant professor. He knows what he's teaching. But be ready to spend time on Labs and Homework. Assignments are easy if you follow lectures and instructions.  Professor takes attendance, but you don't feel like skipping classes. Subject is very interesting. CS402 Operating system is best combination.
A good professor. Has clear idea on the subject he teaches. Novel exam setter. The questions he comes up with are all design based. His slides are a little disorganized. Definitely looks out for his students. One of the highest taken class by international masters students.
He's a great man. He absolutely cares about his students, and he wants everyone to succeed. That being said, he's not just going to hand you an A. Pros: kind, helpful, genius, available nights and weekends (whenever you need him), very clear and methodical Cons: lengthy and numerous emails, long assignments, mandatory attendance, long lectures
Incredibly easy class with tons of extra credit. If you go to class you will get an A. That being said absolutely horrific teacher. Would have gladly skipped all classes and learned from the book but attendance is mandatory and the book is non existent.
Most responsible professor in USC, responds email fast. However, the course is poorly planned. Even he himself dsn't know what to teach next week. Lectures are confusing. My friend's explanation in 5min is clearer than his in 30min. In fact, I can't help throwing 4-letter word watching his lecture. And you have no access to your graded final exam.
Very nice professor. Always replies Emails promptly~
Professor Puvvada's course is really helpful if you are planning to work in the processor design companies. I am finding the 560 and 457 thought by him very helpful as I contribute to a company.
Best Prof ever, legend of his field.
I heard many good things about this guy. Man did he prove them wrong! His only merit is that he's helpful when you inevitably have to ask for help. Otherwise his lectures are drop-dead boring and his accent is unintelligible, tests are hard and assignments are pointlessly long. He sends emails at night asking you to watch hour+ long web lectures!
Puvvada is very responsible and eager to teach you as much as possible. But his material is in such a mess that very often he gets lost himself. Also he is really not good at introducing stuff. He may jump to conclusion without convincing reasoning. A very popular class but to be honest, I am very much disappointed.
Puvvada's lectures are extremely difficult to comprehend sometimes due to his illegible handwriting and thick accent but he is very smart and helpful if you seek his assistance. You'll learn a lot more than you realize but the workload is heavy. Most of my learning was done through the labs and self studying.
Great professor overall, really cares about his students and wants them to do well. He even gives out his home phone number and goes over exam problems before the test starts. Class is difficult and comes with a massive workload but about half of the class gets A's.
You'll be lucky to understand more than 1/3 of the words he speaks, and that combined with his erratic, indecipherable scribbles on the slides can make the mandatory lectures a real struggle. Luckily the exams are a piece of cake. I'm sure he's a nice guy and I feel bad bashing him but he was mostly a non-factor for me
Course load is extremly high, equivalent to two courses. However, staff and professor are really helpful.
Awesome! You'll learn a lot!
Prof. Puvvada is the best teacher I've ever met. This course is a must, I think, for EE and CS students. Although the course is very difficult, about half can receive an A.
The best professor. Most helpful and puts in a lot of effort in producing study material for students to work on. The course load may be a tad high, but that is to make you understand perfectly the concepts in Comp architecture. Looking forward to EE 560.
Puvvada is one of the best professors that I've had in my undergrad years. I don't know why people hate him to be honest. I do admit his workload is a lot, but I think its needed to make sure you understand the material. Theres also A LOT of material to look over to prepare for exams. He lets you know whats going to be tested. No curve balls.
Everyone dreads the class. You'll learn a lot, but gosh there is a ton of work. A lot of it is redundant and unnecessary. Also, the course material is so old (reuses content from 90s overhead transparencies) that it has become unorganized and poorly updated. Definitely leave room in your schedule for lots of outside work. Accent is distracting too.
The class is full of international grad students who are given preferential treatment, and the rampant cheating is completely overlooked by the professor and the TAs. Therefore, even though the class has a crazy curve, all of the undergrad students are shoved to the lower end.
Puvvada's class was challenging, but he keeps it interesting with cool labs. I enjoyed the final project, which is open-ended and creative (we implemented Pacman using an FPGA). I worked pretty hard for an A-, but I felt his grading system was fair and the curve was generous. He is very willing to explain topics again.
Professor Puvvada is one of the most caring professors at USC. He gives out his home phone number and is willing to help students in his private time. The lecture material and his accent are difficult to understand but he repeats his explanations. His exams are challenging but the curve and extra credit result in 60% of the class getting A's.
Gives a lot of work. Labs are pretty long. Expects a lot out of students and floods your mailbox with numerous emails. Posts a lot of material online and a study guide which makes studying for tests straightforward. Willing at almost literally any hour of the day or night to help students.
Though you need to get used to his accent and terrible workload, he's still being one of the best teacher in my life. The lab is really really terrible, but if you know the concept clear, you'll be fine.
good prof
The homework instructions are redundant and poorly written.  You will likely spend 10% of your voluminous homework time accidentally doing unassigned questions, being confused by the figure references, figuring out what the heck the other PDF links are for, and searching for the referenced problems across _all_ 4 editions of the book.
Best professor I can think off. Amazing teaching capabilities, extremely dedicated & really helpful. I remember calling him even in night for help & always received his help. one simple Word for him . &quot;BEST&quot;. People in industry gets surprised by his students due to the material he covers in his cour
Puvvada is an amazing teacher. The course material was really hard, and homework and labs were almost never-ending. Yet the course is very well designed and everything just flows very nicely. Puvvada is very helpful and he really cares about the students. I highly recommend him for any course at USC.
The material was hard, the work load harder, and the exams possibly even harder yet (curveball design questions).  Though I wanted to hate the the guy he was the most available prof in the world and I loearned more than I thought was possible.  Overall an excellent professor that cares about the material and his students.
Never ending stream of assignments and labs. Unbelievable course load, but extremely well managed. Ensures timely help and runs a structured and well oiled support machinery of TA's and Mentors and Graders and what not. Good course content, difficult exams(design questions).Elevates knowledge of Computer Architecture, irrespective of the grade.
excellent teachning & best learning experience one can have.
Great teacher.very helpful.Work load worth two courses. Once he teaches it will etch in your mind forever.And if u take EE457 under him it is almost as good as taking EE557 also as he covers the basic material and concepts better than they do in EE557
Prof. Puvvada is THE undergrad EE dept at USC.  The most important core design classes are created and taught by him.  You can tell they are created because the classnotes are in his handwriting!  Very good prof. who is always there for his students.  Highly recommend!
He explains the martial very clearly. He cares very much about his students and he is always around.  lots of homework and labs but very helpful assignments.
I was an international grad student. He refers so much to previous courses, makes simpler things seem more difficult. No doubt he helps student a lot ( thats all he has to do ) no research, no ccompany work. He is not even a PhD.
Unbelievable amount of work, he overloads you with the homework, don't even have time to undestand it, because the next homework is already due. For the labs you need to watch webcasts an hour each, and read 30-40 extra pages. The midterms are very hard, questions are design and nothing you ever seen before, take somebody else!!!!!!!!!!
Puvaada is a crack up. He's a good teacher and focuses on teaching the basics but don't ever get up to go to the bathroom. Honestly. He will call on you just as you're moving toward the door. He thinks your trying to escape the lecture and won't believe you if you tell him you really have to pee. Other than that he's good. Undergrads will learn.
He is a great teacher.
I swear I will never forget anything I learned in these classes.  Enormous volume of work, very repetitive.  Exams are easy if you understand the HW.  Labs are ridiculous in 454/457, those classes should be 4 units.  Don't take them with 402 (as I learned)
Good teacher, helpfull. Usually his office is full of students, so if you need help better go early. The class itself is not hard.
Puvvada is a great professor. Very clear and comprehensive lectures. However, it was a little too hard for me, since I was only taking for a basic understanding (s/w guy)... So I often found myself in the parking lot listening to hip hop and copying the solutions before they were due ;). Not a very good idea though, coz the finals are hard.
amazing prof..makes sure you learn every bit he teaches by asking quersetions to anyone in class anytime so you have to be prepared
very clear but very hard
The best engineering professor I've ever had.  Has a complete mastery of the course material, and a quick and agile mind.  Promotes understanding with his Socratic approach to teaching.  Fast paced, but very insightful.  Labs are well designed too.
Good Prof. lots of work but you learn the material.
tough material and lots of work, but he's one of the most helpful, nice professors i've ever had.
very good professor, helpful, clear minded, almost always available when you need
GREAT teacher, material difficult... great in office hours, and really knows material
extremely good instructor
No Comments
Alot of work, but a very good teacher. very helpful and knowledgable
good teacher, a bit intimidating. Easy to talk to in office hours
Intimidating, but a good prof all in all.
boring... but a godsend after Pinkston... thorough
undesirable teaching style, dry sense of humor
315213	Thomas	Gustafson	55
He genuinely cares about what he is teaching you. He made me completely reconsider the history of our nation, and he is all about looking at an issue from all different sides. Best class I have taken at USC. I enjoy coming to class because he does not want you to take notes. All you have to do is have an open-mind and listen to what he is saying.
Overall, this is an okay class. I really don't know why you would take it for GE credit though. This class is 2 hours long, and he actually likes to lecture until the last minute. You have to attend every class to to earn credit. And he gives so many projects that take SOOOO MUCH time. If you want to spend a lot of time in this class, take it. 
Dr. Gustafson is one of the best professors I've had at USC. His passion for literature is infectious, and it's obvious that he genuinely cares about his students. ENGL 263 literature was fun to read and the workload is definitely manageable.  I would definitely recommend this class! 
I have never had a professor care more about his students than Thomas. He knew all 150 students by name, read EVERY paper and genuinely believed in them. The class itself... not the best. It is an "Easy A" but there is a LOT of busy work. It isn't hard, but it takes a lot of time. Love the teacher, not the class. Just a repeat of American history.
Professor Gustafason is easily the most engaging teacher I've had at USC. He's so excited about the course material and infectiously adorable. You can't help but smile at his excitement. He's also extremely accommodating and accessible. Plus, reading isn't necessarily mandatory. If you want to enjoy a teacher, you should take an AmLit with him.
Professor Gustafson's craziness and commitment to his students are both above and beyond anything I've ever seen. However, I would not recommend this class if you have a demanding schedule because there is work due every class and large assignments due roughly every 2 weeks.
Gustafson is a great professor that truly has a passion for history and teaching it. He cares about the well being of his students and really wants them to learn. His goal is not to just teach history, but to get students to think in a more humanitarian way. Lots of reading but it's not all necessary. take the class!
BEST TEACHER EVER. TOOK HIS AMERICAN LITERATURE CLASS AND ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT. NOT ONLY IS HE INTERESTING, BUT HE'S FUNNY AND UNDERSTANDING.
He has proven himself to be rude and insufferable time and time again. Do not that this course if you value your time. I have never know a professor to make interesting material so thoroughly unenjoyable.
Great professor! He's pretty crazy and out there, but that's what I enjoyed most. He is flexible with due dates, and the assignments aren't too difficult either. 2 mini projects, 2 papers, 1 midterm paper+midterm quiz, and 1 final paper+quiz. Overall I really recommend this class!
One of the best professors at the entire University. His passion for the material, teaching in general, and his students is unrivaled. He wants you to put in the work and do the reading, and if you do so, you will succeed.
He really is insane, but that's only because he's so passionate about what he does. I have never in my life met a person who gets more excited about American Lit. It's impossible to leave this class without a greater understanding a respect for America and her writers. He gives quizzes and there's a lot of reading, but it's not too hard of a class.
Professor Gustafson is a little insane, but in the best possible way. He's very passionate about literature and Los Angeles, and he's also hilarious. The class is slightly unorganized, but this doesn't affect your grade, so don't worry.
Cool professor. You should attend all lectures so you get the participation credit, but lecture is fun anyway, most of it is watching movies. He's kind of all over the place but if you're in class youll get the main idea Papers are fun and easy a lot of reading but all good novels
Gustafson is a great guy trying to teach valuable stuff. His actual teaching of material is somewhat confusing but his assignments are simple. Easy class.
He is a passionate teacher that knows and loves his subject. He will make you love it too. However, this comes with a ton of reading which is interesting but a bit overwhelming at the same time. Do not take this class for an easy A, you will have to read a lot and earn that grade yourself. Definitely an eye opening class.
Awesome professor, you will learn a lot from him and his readings. Opens your eyes to many different viewpoints, however it is not an easy class and you should avoid it if you want to slack off.
LA The Fiction. Definitely need to go to every class to succeed. Also, he's a little bit harsh (writ140-like) of a grader on the essays.
Pretty tough class
Fun teacher but the class is no joke. Make sure to read designated important material and pay attention in class.
He is a great professor! May seems not so clear in lecture, but that is because he is talking about the reading materials! Those who do the reading will find the lecture easy to understand. Do the reading, and write your paper seriously, you will definitely learn a lot. His view about democratic thinking is useful and helpful.
lack of feedback made me unnecessarily nervous - got an A. did all the papers the day of and barely studied for MT and final. make sure to listen in reviews. all the projects are super interesting - interview project, food ratings, movie reviews etc. super fun to have an arlt not just based on writing boring essays! professors passion is contagious
It's an easy class overall and the projects are easy to BS. However, he is the most bizarre man and  I felt like I was wasting my time by sitting in his lectures.
Easy class. Interesting books. Projects are a little too detail orientated, however, they're graded leniently. Lectures consists of discussion about the assigned readings followed by a film. He expects you to turn in a reflection of the readings to turn in each lecture ( you can do it during class). Overall enjoyable class!
Easy class. Eccentric teacher. Interesting but annoying projects. EASY.
This was by far my favorite and easiest class of my first semester at SC but I guess that's because it was a 2 unit seminar. Either way, Gustafson is a very passionate and animated professor. He is a bit weird in a silly way but he's extremely helpful and insightful. Proposed a lot of thought provoking questions. Get him if you have a chance!
He is an amazing professor.  Assigns really interesting reading and is very energetic and dynamic in class.  Most lower division courses are full of rouge memorization & useless test but Gustafson has great class discussions that relate to the readings and you come out of the class for a love for literature (if you didn't already have one!)
Such a nice guy!  At first, he comes off a little weird, but he's very sweet, genuine, and helpful.  He gives you a lot to think about and brings up deep ideas in class, but the work is by no means hard.  He won't ask that much of you...there's a lot of hanging out and watching movies.
easy A. Guaranteed. Just go to class, and turn in the daily paragraph responses (that you can totally bs during the class period) and you're golden. Fun class.
If you want a chill class, take this. He's an easy grader and since he rarely sticks to the syllabus, he ends up extending deadlines for papers. The midterm and final have 2 parts: take home essay and an easy 10 question multiple choice in-class part. He spends most of the class showing movies.
I had fun in this class. His lecture is quite funny. I like the topics that he taught. But you need to go to class. If you go to class, you will get a lot of hit and tips from him. But if you don't go to class, you will be loss when you are taking his mid-term, assignments and final.
Take this class. You won't regret it.
Confusing, boring, and way too much reading. Avoid this prof if you value your time.
Very energetic teacher. Nicest guy I've ever met. There is a lot of reading but he explains all the important readings in class. You will have a paragraph due in every class, a few essays, a midterm, and a final. Confusing, but fun class.
Some of the raters on here do not appreciate a good thing when they see it. Gustafson is one of the nicest, and most generous teachers you will ever meet; he assigns a lot of interesting reading as well. The people rating him poorly are complaining about structure, but really, nothing in Undergrad even matters, so shut it and enjoy yourselves.
He is unorganized and extremely boring. I enjoyed the readings for his class (Amst 301) but he turned interesting readings into boring ones. He is also very biased and does not present an objective view...this is coming from someone who often shares the same opinions.
I usually never rate professors, but I felt the need to warn innocent English majors: do not take a class with Gustafson if you want to learn anything!  This class was a complete waste of my time.  Gustafson is boring, uninformed, and repetitive.  He chooses typical high school reading material and offers no new perspectives.
His lectures are unorganized and rarely stick to the syllabus.  No structure, but easy class.
unorganized, uncritical
This professor is definitely at a large university, and might have had a more fulfilling career at a small college somewhere on the East Coast. He's an English professor at the wrong school. In his presence, the world has to revolve around him, but it doesn't. There are more remarkable people in the world than him, but he does his job pretty well.
Took his Political Fiction and Film seminar. Very friendly man, helped all of the freshmen adjust to college life. Really laid back atmosphere, and does his best to make everyone feel comfortable. Absolutely worth it for all incoming freshmen to take a freshman seminar with him.
took him for emotional intelligence.  he's a great guy-extremely nice and very passionate about books.  would take him again.
gustafson is an awesome guy and really wants his students to learn. he also brings in music that relates to what we're reading which is cool. there's a fair amount of reading, but if you read the main works you'll be fine. i would recommend this class.
Gustafson's class requires very little work.  Each day a commentary is due that is a paragraph long (Really easy).  There are 4 papers (Midterm and Final are 2 of the 4 papers) and are mainly busy work.  Gustafson is very loud but makes class enjoyable.  Only problem is the length of class, but otherwise a great, easy, and enjoyable class.
i think prof gustafson is a great teacher for the american studies course (core req). he has us read really interesting stuff. you learn a lot and question new things after his course. i prefer his larger lectures to smaller, as in the american lit class he only lectures and rarely lets students speak.
A great teacher who is passionate about teaching.  Although the class requires a lot of reading, nearly all the books are interesting and you learn a lot.  it requires work on your part, but it you do the work you'll get a good grade.
Really passionate and interesting teacher.
No Comments
hes goofy, passionate and keeps u interested. dont try to take notes though cuz hes all over the place. midterm/final is a take home. u have to adjust to his teaching style though otherwise ur like the guy who didnt learn anything. but i think hes great.
No Comments
I am in his class: LA: The fiction right now!  OMG he is a terrific professor.  I have never seen a teacher so passionate about LA and what he teaches as Prof. Gustafson! Very interesting; time flies by in a flash; about 100 pages per week of good reading
I never care much to rate professors--but Gustafson is by far one of the best professors I've had at USC and at any university for that matter.  He is very engaged and plugged into his student's life and is passionate about his subject.
I must be the only person in the world who thinks Gustafson in totally lame. I feel like I've wasted time and a lot of money in his class, I haven't learned ANYTHING. Easy A: take him.  Learning something worthwhile: skip it.
Awesome! Again, he really does connect things you would never think to connect. Fun style of teaching, and his papers aren't always the usual 7-page intro, body, concl type essays...a lot of variety. Really cool guy.
Wonderful! Always interesting, connecting things that you wouldn't think to connect, goofy sense of humor, never boring.  Passionate about teaching, which is refreshing.  Great teacher!!
1436158	Thomas	Bertolini	54
Bertolini is the best lecture professor I have had. He makes is very clear and goes as a good pace to fit everything but go over what the students do not know. The clicker points are important (literally just have to show up to get them) so go to class
The best 105a lecturer. It's a hard class and Bertolini takes the time to explain things properly and do clicker questions to make sure everyone gets it. Great examples and demos, hilarious stories. To do well on the lecture exams you need to pay attention in lecture and then review with lots of practice problems. I regret skipping the SIs I did.
His slides include lots of pictures, diagrams, and examples, which I like for visual learning. Definitely a hard class if you did not take AP Chem. You have to keep up with the material that he lectures (e.g. review on your own, refer back to the textbook, do practice problems) every day if you want to do well 
Great guy and perhaps one of the best professors at USC. Throws in much humor into his lectures and demos work about half the time. His lectures are very clear and he is always helpful during office hours. Every point in the class matters, so make sure to go to exam reviews and practice with his old exams and you should be just fine. 
Bertolini is a good lecturer, he's funny and keeps things interesting and clear. He's friendly and helpful if you go to his office hours. His tests are the hardest out of all the CHEM 105a professors, however, and go by a strict grading system. Really takes a lot of work to get an A.
I really liked him in forensics. I'm a chem major but haven't gotten a chance to take any of his classes (he teaches the less populated section - 105a, 322a in the spring and b in the fall). He was very clear, really funny, and pretty nerdy in a good way. Hope to have him for another class somewhere down the line.
Good professor, helpful if you approach him. His tests are rather difficult and there are a lot of curve balls. Be sure to attend SI sessions. Would still recommend taking Bertolini over other chemistry professors.
He is super helpful and funny. Breaks down hard topics and is always available when you need him. Office hours are great. Exams can be tough but he gives example of old ones. Study and it's not-that bad. Definitely not an easy A though.  TAs sucked though which is annoying. Nota far of lab... Also Bert is cute.  Talk nerdy tome lol
Great professor. Super clear and helpful. Lectures are clear, so reading the textbook is unnecessary. The curve is generous. Put the time and work in and you'll get the grade.
His exams are HARD. He even told us that his previous job was making tests so he knows all the psychological tricks in making tests tricky. very tricky. Best way to study for exams are doing a lot of practice problems similar to the ones on his practice exams.
Super nerd. Very Fair. Really nice. Crazy hot.
Your grade in this class definitely reflects the amount of effort you put in. If you make an effort to stay ahead, the class isn't terribly difficult. Bertolini made Chemistry fun. His snarky, dark humor makes class worth paying attention to and makes the class more enjoyable overall.
He is the BEST chemistry I've ever had in my entire life. And I'm a chem major so trust me on this. He explains the materials very well; exams can be hard because he does like to ask application problems. However, if you really listened and tried, it should be a fun/memorable course you will ever take.
Super clear. Easy to get all the notes and lectures online. Hard material but he's a great teacher. And really hot in a like sciencey way
Dr. Bertolini is an amazing chemistry professor. Classes are very interesting and he often does class demonstrations of some reactions, like the thermite combustion reaction. Professor selection for chemistry is not very high at USC, but Bertolini is an awesome professor, so it's not an issue.
Bertolini is one of the best professors I've had at USC. His lectures are concise and incredibly easy to understand if you follow along and read the textbook BEFORE coming to lecture. 105a is a piece of cake if you read the book, do practice problems, and take Bertolini. I had no problem averaging a 96 on all exams.
Bertolini is awesome. Lectures can be a bit dry, but he throws in some jokes now and then. I didn't realize how good and clear of a lecturer he was until we had a substitute for a few lectures, and I really missed Bertolini. Class is curved, you'll be fine as long as you do above the average.
TAKE HIS CLASS. HE IS AMAZING. THE CLASS IS REALLY HARD; BUT I MEAN IT'S CHEMISTRY SO OF COURSE IT IS. BUT GO TO OFFICE HOURS. I LOVE HIM
Excellent, excellent teacher. Chemistry is hard, no matter what. But Bertolini has a way of making things easier to understand, and he has a subtle sense of humor that keeps class interesting and engaging.  If you read the book before exams, do practice problems and attend his lectures, the exams are managable. Take Bertolini!!
Eh... he kind of traumatized me.   I didn't like 105... but now I'm in ochem with another professor and I absolutely love it. Maybe it was the material, maybe it was bertolini... I dont know.. I'd recommend another professor for 105 though. his exams are obnoxiously difficult and different from the book and lecture
He's great! Go talk to him in office hours, he is super helpful. A very sweet guy, cares about his students, and cares that you understand the material. Exams are tough, but he drops hints about them in class and in office hours
He's a great teacher, but I still had to spend hours studying for chem.
GREAT PROFESSOR!!! He is very clear and organized in lecture. His lectures are fantastic and make going to class fun because of the in class demonstrations. He is super helpful during office hours. He remembers you by name if you consistently go to his office hours. Great guy and Great professor. Tests are fair and easy if you study for them.
Bertolini kept the class relatively interesting and moved at a good rate and explained everything thoroughly.  His exams weren't too bad - there would often be a question designed to trip everybody up, but the class was curved, and exams were fair for the most part, covering what he had taught in class.  Textbook practice problems REALLY helped.
This professor is nice but his exams are very difficult and therefore the course is unpleasant.
Such a great professor. I really wished I had spent more time in his office hours to get to know him. His lectures are very clear, and his slides are easy to follow. He is very good at answering questions after class or even by email. Ochem is hard, but Dr. Bertolini explains difficult concepts very well and makes his tests very fair.
Organic chemistry is not easy.  YOu need to prepare for this class during summer or spring break if you are not sure.  The professor is very helpful if you ask for help during office hours or by sending him emails.  If you are not sure about regrading your exams, send him an email first.  Other wise you could loose 5 points.
Best PowerPoint slides I've seen; the animation conveys information well. Has a dry voice but occasionally throws in some dark-humored jokes. Demonstrations roughly once a week in 105 but rarely for 322. These are pre-med weed-out chemistry courses; they simply aren't going to be easy. Had him for 3 semesters and found doing well entirely plausible
Prof. Bertolini is nice and clear in his lectures. He's really helpful in office hours and teaches well. He makes occasional funny jokes too. What more could you ask for?
I'm sure he is a nice guy, but his tests are extremely difficult. Lectures are pretty easy and attendance is mandatory (clicker questions). This course requires you to spend a lot of dedication
Bertolini is definitely one of my favorite professors. Lectures are very helpful and clear. Requires a lot of effort and time, but an A is not impossible.
He's a great professor, but his tests are very difficult. In order to be successful in this class you MUST do the suggested book problems, the sample exams and go to SI sessions.
Bertolini is a intriguing lecturer and a good teacher. That said, his exams are extremely testing and he doesn't give much partial credit. Your class grade is heavily weighted by your midterm and final exams grades and there is no extra credit. Do not take this class for fun or as a GE. I made that mistake.
Explains well, but his tests are difficult!!! Nonetheless, if you put a lot of effort doing book problems & SI, you can do relatively well. He's also hilarious at times.
Bertolini is a very good teacher.  He is very clear in lecture and explains the subject well.  The class itself is a lot of work.  I've heard Bertolini's tests are hard, but he did not make the exams in my class (Parr did). Her tests were not very difficult.  His humor is subtle but witty.  I think he's the best chem professor.
He's a good lecturer.  He's got a good sense of humor.
The exams were extremely difficult and there is a horrible grading system so it is difficult to get partial credit. Seemed like he didn't care about the class during lectures and his office hours were full of people with questions. If the average for the exams is in the D/F range like this class there is something wrong with the teaching.
He makes the class way harder than it needs to be.  I got an A in AP Chem and 5 on the AP test and was struggling to get an A- in this course. Same concepts, but the tests are super tricky and long! Do the hw problems! He's really hard to approach too. His office hrs are PACKED with people. I had to wait 45 minutes to ask a 30 second question.
Prof. Bertolini seems quiet boring, but is actually quite funny and makes lectures interesting. Granted, this is a weeder course. The exams are difficult, and you need to read the book and do many practice problems to do well. Didn't go to his office hours much, which is probably why I didn't do so hot.
Bertolini is a very funny professor and very willing to help during office hours. His lectures are also very interesting and keeps the class awake. However, this class is extremely difficult with the averages being in the 50-60 range. I worked my tail off to get a B-
Good demos and interesting sense of humor. Helpful in his office hours.  Exams are ridiculously hard and averages are around 50-60 range. Exams are much harder than previous years' exams and in-class example. Its about beating the average to do decent in the class. Go to class to get clicker points but it takes natural intelligence and to get an A.
This class is extremely difficult. The practice tests from last year were much easier. The class averages are in the D range.
Really smart guy who knows Chemistry thoroughly. The material in the intro Chemistry classes didn't strike me as that fascinating, but out of all the Chem/Ochem teachers at USC Bertolini had the most intriguing way of presenting the material. He's got a witty dark sense of humor too which lightens the lectures up quite a bit :)
If you have the choice to take CHEM105 with Parr or Bertolini, take it with Bertolini. His lectures are in-depth and he is clearly very knowledgeable about what he teaches. I had both Parr and Bertolini, and I found Bertolini's lectures to be much more elucidating and entertaining, his demonstrations are great!
Bertolini is a nice guy and a good prof however the chem department is ridiculous & despite what they tell you at the beginning they ARE trying to weed people out. Advice&#63; Understand things conceptually, DO THE BOOK PROBLEMS, & realize that the exam questions are going to be nothing directly taken from class or the homework.
Good professor, clear, funny, interesting demonstrations, but very difficult class.
Bertolini is much more entertaining than Parr for Chem105ab.  I can't say that he himself is 'hard/easy' as the class is simply curved.
Easy Class, slightly boring professor. Just take his advice from Day 1 (which no one does of course) and do the optional book assignments. Take notes and pay attention + chapter assignments = EASY A. 105A is literally plug and chug and converting units. Oh and BERTOLINI is a GENIUS. 'Nuff Said. Also funny prof picture on Dept. website.
He's a funny guy. It helps make the class that much more interesting even though the class is fairly difficult to keep up with if you don't already have a chem background.
Good teacher, hard class
Adds a humorous touch to each lecture.  Definitely keeps things interesting (explosions keep us awake too)

Dr. Bertolini can be confusing because he'll be teaching a problem, mess up in the middle, and change his approach.  He seems approachable enough, although I never went to his office hours.  Tests were hard because I feel like he was obsessed with having a perfect bell curve and thought the average for our first test was too high.
Bertolini is a nice guy and his powerpoints are pretty good as far as chemistry goes. Its definitely important to keep up with the assigned text book problems even though they are never &quot;due&quot;. This class is somewhat challenging (the tests can be a bit of a difficult surprise, but are sometimes as easy as pie)
1470487	Fatemeh Ibrahimi	Nazarian	52
Unorganized and talk about things that are not in the exam! Exams are not hard if you study on your own. Be careful of her grading criteria, although i am not sure if she even have it.  My friend and I got the same grade on exams and hw, and we are even on the same presentation team, and she got an A minus while i have to beg to get a B plus.
Great teacher. Not an easy class - exams are not easy. Very approachable. Would recommend. 
Professor Nazarian genuinely cares about her students and wants them to do well. She is extremely knowledgeable about the subject matter.  I can't understand the review below. Probably someone who failed. 
A scatterbrained professor who would complain about how great America was 20 years ago for often for a quarter of class. Tests are not very related to the lectures at all and the lectures themselves are taken from the Pearson master teaching materials. Late unprepared and has not personalized the class one bit. Avoid at all costs.
She is truly caring and understanding. Go to her office hours, she really cares about her students. 2 midterms, one presentation, 1 final. The presentation is pretty chill, she doesn't really grade it. HW is on a check basis. Overall, she does rant on and on about something but you can just get your other hws and complete that in her class.
I learned so much from professor Nazarian. She works very hard to help everyone understand the topic. I also like that she always goes over concepts and gives bonus points.
Professor Nazarian is one of the most caring professors at USC. This was the second class I took with her and really learned a lot. Her main goal is to inspire you to learn more and find something you're passionate about which she accomplishes well. She absolutely wants her students to succeed and will go out of her way to help them.
Unorganized and hard professor. Don't take her, don't waste your time.
Do not take her class. I unfortunately had to take her for both micro and macro, and I dreaded going to her class both semesters. She is extremely disorganized. She ran out of time and did not even teach us two of the chapters that will be on the final exam. Class is extremely boring and you'll have to basically teach yourself using the textbook.
Very approachable and responsible.She really wants her students to understand the material. Make sure you go to class and do the homework. It's no that hard to get an A.
Very responsible professor who really wants her student to fully understand the material. Highly recommend!
Awful. She literally goes through her slides word for word during half the lecture; for the other half she complains about how busy she is with her various positions at Marshall. In short, SHE DOES NOT TEACH. Attendance not mandatory. Study textbook instead of going to class. Just go once in a while for info on hw. Actually, just DONT TAKE HER.
Great professor and great class but you have to do your work. Overall, I would recommend.
WORST PROFESSOR EVER. Save yourself hours and hours of studying the textbook because she does not teach. She goes off on tangents so class is pointless and NEVER responds to emails. Her exams are extremely difficult and doesn't ever teach how to do the homework problems. literally the worst professor I've ever had
She is a very kind and intelligent woman. However, she is incredibly disorganized in terms of her teaching style. The lectures are basically her reading the powerpoint slides verbatim. It was very hard to stay focus in class. You have to read the textbook thoroughly in order to be successful in her class. Lectures are not that helpful.
This professor is one of the absolute worst professors I have taken at USC. She basically reads off the Powerpoint slides that have already been uploaded to Blackboard. The best way to succeed in this class is to read the textbook over and over again, because everything that will be on the exam is covered in the textbook.
Very helpful instructor. Love the way she teaches. Kind and extremely knowledgeable.
She is a very responsible professor. She will do her best to help and answer all your questions to make sure you understand the material and do well in the class.
I like that professor Nazarian explains difficult concepts through real world situations and makes sure students fully grasp the material. Would recommend.
She is not a good teacher, in any means. She's a nice person, but this class will essentially require you to teach yourself econ-so I truly don't recommend it. She's unorganized, and reads off of the publisher powerpoints. She also likes testing minute details that really do not test your understanding of the core concepts in the class.
She is one of the worst teachers I have ever had. She is a really nice person and cares about her students. However, her lectures are extremely boring because all she ever does is read off power point slides, which are the same as the text book. The material is confusing and her tests are hard. Not helpful at all when it comes to grades.
if you want to teach YOURSELF in econ, while paying 50 grand, this professor is for you
he constantly goes off tangent about irrelevant topics. She always complains about how tired she is or how many papers she has to grade. Very caring and maternal teacher, but she doesn't teach well. All she does is put the powerpoint slide (directly from the book) onto the projector and reads directly off of it.
The worst professor I have ever had in my life. EXTREMELY nice woman, but she simply can't teach. Prepare to teach yourself the course through the textbook (which is already confusing).
She is a good professor. the class is not that easy. but u can see that she cares about her students.
She's very nice but lectures are extremely long and boring. Textbook is confusing and not helpful, but the only source of reference in this class. I do not recommend her if you're not extremely passionate about econ and you dont like laboring over a textbook for hours on end.
Terrible professor. She's a nice person, but she can't teach. She teaches straight out of the textbook and doesn't explain concepts at all, just puts the slide on the projector and reads from it. Super disorganized all the time. Prepare to teach yourself the entire course.
Lectures are not very interesting but very organized. Professor is very nice and care about the students! Need to study the textbook very well. 3 midterms, 1 final, can drop lowest midterm.
She likes to go off on tangents. Barely goes over concepts in class. Not a good lecturer either. Do not recommend.
Nazarian is very maternal. Once before a test, she received concerned emails from the class and said, "If you were my children, I would not want you to be worrying." So she postponed the exam. But she is a very smart woman, so she forgets that the material is difficult the first time. So things can get hard. She also never responded to my emails.
She is a very nice lady, but she doesn't teach very well. She doesn't go over the tests and she barely goes over the homework. I really wouldn't recommend her unless you are some kind of genius who is great at applying concepts and remembering tiny little facts. Many formulas to memorize and u need to apply them. Don't take, if so then good luck!
She is very nice and clear on what she wants you to know and whats gonna be on the test. She goes over HW and make sure that everyone understood it.Its not an easy A but if you try your best to study the PPT you'll do well.
she is a great professor. you can learn alot. class can be easy. and she is very helpful and wants you to learn.
Nazarian is great; she is very maternal and it's nice to know that she cares for her students. More people need to attend class in order to judge her. Her lectures are clear and based on real life experiences. Would recommend.
She's really nice; but is not a good teacher. She basically recites the powerpoints the publisher made verbatim. I definitely had to have hardcore study sessions to learn everything by myself before the tests. However, I mean it's not a bad class. The tests are straightforward and its not hard to do well. Just do the homework and memorize the eqs.
she really cares about her students and wants them to do well. if you go to her office hours and show interest she helps and recognizes your effort. i would recommend attending class because she gives a lot of hints to what will be on the exam and sometimes does exact problems that appear on exams. if she doesnt answer your email - keep emailing!
she teaches the material well and is very knowledgeable in her subject area and therefore provides her students with a valuable learning experience. overall great class.
Look, she's not a good professor in terms of teaching econ. She's very nice and her exams are easy and one is dropped. Bad class, easy though.
Definitely a nice person, but frankly, not a good professor at all. All her lecture material comes straight out of the book, sometimes verbatim. Those &quot;life lessons&quot; may be worthwhile at the high school level, but not in college where you can get all the life lessons you need outside of class. Do not take her if you value your tuition money at all.
One of my favorite professors at USC. She truly cares about her students, and tries brings in life wisdom to the somewhat dry subject of econ. She tells you exactly what to study for on the exams. Wish she taught more classes.
Caveat: I'm an engineer who dropped my business major so I don't enjoy business classes. I had her for 251 and 252. She means well and is very maternal but her lectures can be dry. Her tests are really easy if you put some effort into it. If you're adept at conceptualizing math, you can pretty much not study and still do well.
The class is boring, but go to class and she highlights the main points--study those a lot. There was a big curve at the end too. Go to her class before the exams for a preview of the test.
Really nice and sweet, cares about her students. Her midterms are pretty easy, and she drops the lowest grade. She also puts in extra credit on one of the exams. If you read the book and go to the class before each midterm you'll do great. She basically gives out the midterm the class before.
Great professor, very nice and caring about her students. Just be prepared to read the textbook
Love this professor! she genuinely cares about her students. She is also very intelligent and just knows how to teach!
Just read the textbook and you'll be fine.
very understanding and caring professor! very good lecturer and she is funny too! If you attend all her classes and pay full attention you will do well in her class.if you do not understand something in class you can always go see her during her office hours.
Some students complain that she takes slides off before you can copy down all the info but if you download the slides off her Bboard you should be fine.  She basically gives you the midterms the class before the test and then drops your lowest of 3, so its set up for you to succeed.  She is nice and motherly to students. Take this class.
Very friendly professor. Don't bother with the textbook since everything to know is in the slides. Assuming you study the material back home, it is possible to not attend class and still do well.
A very nice and understanding professor. I have never taken econ before, yet with the combination of the textbook and her lectures I understand the subject matter well. Go to class and pay attention and you shouldn't have any trouble at all.
she is nice; reminds me of my momma. her tests are okay, study hard for them and you will be fine. Personally, I don't read the book yet I have an A-. she pulls in great present-day applications for Econ. very clear, teaches off of powerpoints and she gives you the powerpoints before hand
she is a nice lady. if you go to her class and follow her advice you wont have any problems during exam.
807287	Ann	Renken	52
Speeches and videos are inspirational. She has a sense of cold humor. Slides don't indicate anything important and you should read through textbooks carefully. Fortunately no papers!
She made me fall in love with psych. Class attendance is mandatory if you want to do well, but with her amazing lectures you don't really want to skip class. 3 non-cumulative midterms and a lot of chances for extra credit. The best thing is, you can easily get 90300 by showing up to discussions and doing the assignments-takes 5 mins, really.  
Class is set up to limit the amount of As. Be ready to read, have to keep up with the material
knowledgable about psy but included way too much info for a 100 level class. Tests are hard (responsible for all info in textbook, lecture, & mypsychlab). No extra credit or curve. TAs are helpful and grade easy. 2 group projects in discussion. No review sessions with TAs before tests. 10 SONA credits req (at least 5 in-person studies).
She is pretty clear on lecture materials and love to interact with students. Her tests are easy if you really study both the material from the textbook and her lectures. Show up to her lectures and take good notes. Her lectures are pretty amazing. Highly recommend it to anyone planning to take psych 100
Boring Lecture, get more out of the book Exams are difficult, no curve Way too much detail for an 100 class No Extra Credit Take Madigan 
Shes an amazing professor! Take her :)  All you have to do is attend lectures and its an easy A. 
Prof is clear in her expectations, presents material in a comprehensible way, and is kind and interested in students. Tests are reasonable if you've kept up with the reading. Deadlines are well paced. No complaints.
Renkin made me fall in love with psychology. Her classes are extremely clear. Mostly tested on coursework covered in the lecture so attendance is a must. Has 3 non-cumulative midterms and a lot of chances for extra credit. Downside: the class isnt curved. If you turn up for lectures, take notes, read the text book youre looking at an easy A. 
Take this class! :D 
If you've taken a psych class before attendance to lectures isn't mandatory. TA's are all very helpful, professor is nice and tries to make going over the basics as not tedious as possible.
Frustrating exams..Was mislead of what would be expected of the class and the exams were mostly composed of tiny details from the textbook you think you wouldn't need to know when on syllabus it said 3/4 of the exam would be from the lecture. Lectures were boring and not helpful at all.
Avoid! She is a good lecturer and her class is semi interesting but her tests are impossible. I showed up to every class and spent days studying and got a B- in the class. There are no study guides and everythings fair game so its really up to chance what will and wont be on the test. Take Chopp instead. Test average was C... and theres no curve...
absolutely hated this class. boring lectures. couldn't focus. i felt exams were not reflective of what was taught in lecture. pretty much everything on exam came straight from textbook but she told us at beginning of semester it'd be mostly on lecture material. unclear with what she wanted.. take if u want to be bored out of your mind for 16 weeks
Contrary to what everyone else says here, this class is really easy if you study. Her tests are tricky... to those that don't do the assignments and don't come to class. She is extremely fair.
Very clear in class and very helpful.
She is a great professor that keeps her PowerPoint lectures clear and to the point. While her exams can be challenging, they are an accurate test of the information a student should know after taking her class. There were three multiple-choice exams, all not cumulative.
The material itself is pretty dry, but Professor Renken explains it clearly. She is so nice and helpful. Reading the text is necessary to doing well on the tests.
Very unclear on what she wants! Then complains that students didn't understand her. Very nice woman but I did not like her class at all. I went in ready to love her, but was unable to pay too much attention to her. Rather boring. Make sure to read! Her exams are extremely hard.
Prof. Renken is the best. I've never had a Professor that I felt deserved such as positive review before her. She is so nice and helpful. She makes everything clear and doesn't unnecessarily confuse anything. She makes the class fair. I really appreciate her for these reasons. I'm so thankful to she decided to teach at USC.
I didn't enjoy the class, but she's a nice enough prof.
Professor Renken jam packs a lot of information into each lecture, but she makes it interesting and easy to follow. I found her tests difficult and a little hard to pinpoint exactly what she was looking for, but she is fairly approachable as a teacher. I recommend reading the book to supplement the lectures. No attendance taken, but lectures help!
Renken is a great professor. She explains the concepts well and gives very reasonable exams. Class is boring, but it's important to attend unless you can teach yourself the statistical formulas. Exams are easy and low-stress.
Just print out the slides and take notes on them.  Textbook becomes less necessary the more you pay attention in class.
(continued) 2) do not take jung as the TA; she assesses the students in the discussion unfairly- furthermore, in the final exam, there will be 3 qns that the TA makes that will be put on to the test, the questions she made were pretty badly written compared to the qns posed by other TAs- so do not take her at all cost; also her english is not good
I enjoyed her psyc-100 class. However, i have certain points that id like to nitpick about her teaching style/grading assessment. 1) each exam is worth 25% of final grade - this includes the very first exam; since she never introduces past paper or anything, students would initially be shocked by the level of depth each student is required to know
She's really great; one of the clearest lecturers I've had with an impressive amount of background knowledge, so she can answer pretty much any tangential question she's asked. Read the book, it's definitely helpful. Also actually attend lectures, because the slides she posts don't give you all the things you need to know.
So chill! Kind of boring but you have to do so so little to pass
Prof Renken is easy to follow in lecture. You have to read to do well.
I loved Ann! She would go out of her way to make sure that everyone did well and her class was fun! I would definitely recommend taking this class!
Professor Renken is really great! She teaches the material very well, and makes a pretty boring topic somewhat interesting. The class is really easy if you take notes during lecture. I never used the book, not even to do practice problems
She's a very interesting lecturer, especially if you're interested in psychology.  The only downside is that tests are difficult and detail-oriented.  She relies on the book and MyPyschLab a lot, so make sure to read.
Awesome teacher, extremely helpful and clear on all the topics.
Great professor! Always can answer questions and knows what she's talking about. Posts lecture slides online, but you should still go to class because she will tell you what's important for you to know and go into more depth. VERY interesting class, took it just for fun and loving it so far! Scantron midterms, just 2, not too bad! Def read the book
By far the best professor I had in my whole college career. Besides being very good looking, she has a terrific personality. She is extremely intelligent. She will never know how deeply she influenced my life! I recommend all students take her classes. Dr. Renken is wonderful.
She is a fantastic teacher! Explains concepts really well and actually makes me like statistics. Going to class is very helpful and labs are easy. Doing practice problems in the book is a great way to study for her tests. The tests are really fare, but you do need to study to do well.
She's a nice teacher but you don't really need to go to lecture because she only talks about material on the slides which are posted online and almost always straight from the book. Not the most enjoyable class but an easy A.
She is great.  She's friendly and definitely knows a lot.  Always more than happy to answer students questions.  Tests are slightly difficult, but just pay attention and read book when she says to-that'll help.  She's kind of quirky in a way, but definitely a great prof.  Super nice and I engaging.
Dr. Renken at least made an effort to make statistics interesting.  She explained things well, was very helpful, and willing to answer any questions.  She seems to really care about her students.  I also had her for PSYC 100 and enjoyed it.  Tests weren't bad as long as you paid attention in class and did the practice problems.
I took her for my intro class and felt she was more entertaining and down to earth than other professors I've had. So I decided to take her again for 274 and even though I despise stats...she made it clear enough for me to understand and ended up getting an A- in the class. Make sure you attend her classes..book wasn't THAT necessary. Tests were OK
Her lectures were ok but her tests were kinda confusing
I agree with the other person.  The class was all about choosing the best answer, couldn't say it any better myself.  If you are a good at multiple choice tests then you will probably get a good grade.  There are no essays, just 3 tests for which she gives no study guides, just &quot;study your notes and read the chapters&quot;.  Lectures were pretty boring.
Unfortunately she made me decide not to take Pscyhology as a major.  The entire class focuses on not actually learning concepts but just choosing the best answer. There is no thought process, analysis, or anything that psych would normally be made up of. Do not take her. She in unfair and sees people as a grade.
I absolutely despise any type of math and this professor did a really good job of breaking it down into the simplest form of learning. The book is really straight forward. She is almost always available. Overall pretty solid professor.
Class is fun and compelling. Teacher is pretty cool. Not too hard as a class.
Renken is a good professor. She is straightforward and funny. Her class isn't very difficult if you do the reading, and her lectures are interesting. I reccommend this teacher for intro to psych.
do not take her
Good professor. She posts all of her lecture notes online so class participation isn't mandatory but she does make class interesting by showing good videos. Not a difficult class if you just know the lecture notes...
very friendly, approachable, fair, clear and understandable explanations and lectures
Wonderful intro. class! I almost didn't take Renken's section b/c it really was tough with my schedule, but biting the bullet and having a crappy schedule was completely worth it and I'd do it again. She's a fantastic teacher; I don't think I'd have done as well with another lecturer. She's interesting, intelligent, nice, and (best of all) FUNNY
Lecture can be long and boring, but she has her humorous moments. She's really nice and uses class participation to mix things up, but it's not like she's going to put you on the spot for something. You could probably get away with just the reading, since notes are on blackboard, but lecture helps. Tests are kind of hard and no curve...
Class isn't mandatory but highly recommended to ace the class. Interesting info, Renken definitely used videos and class participation to keep us involved. Good class, not difficult
574452	Craig	Stanford	50
Professor Stanford  was very passionate about the subject and made lectures very interesting. It is necessary to attend all lectures because notes are not posted online and the textbook is not used much. The tests were primarily memorization and were not too difficult. However, be prepared to memorize many scientific names.
Avoid this class. Way too much memorization. Probably one of the hardest classes i've taken at USC and way too hard for a GE. Tests (multiple choice, fill in blank, essay) based on lectures and article readings. Don't take if you have another class that requires a lot of memorization. Good professor, interesting lectures, tests are insanely hard.
Prof Stanford is very clear and hilarious in his own right. Take good notes and study hard, it will be an easy A. Don't take it if your don't like to memorize a lot of information. 
Professor Stanford is really clear and very interesting to listen to. His class is pretty hard, but his lectures are actually interesting and worthwhile. He bases his tests mainly off the lectures so attendance is suggested but not required. 
Stanford is the best! His class was hard but he as clear as you can possibly be. The tests were only from the lectures. But he likes to test you on the minute details bc he assumes you're gonna study the bigger concepts anyways. He also makes fun of religious people a lot but being Christian, I was fine. 3 tests, no hw, some EC, no essays, 2 novels
Professor Stanford is a great teacher and the lectures are very interesting. With that being sad, he is not very nice if you go into his office hours or burden his email inbox with questions. Do not take this class if you don't have to, but if you do have to, it's not that bad.
Took Origin of Humanity as a GE and loved it! The lectures were interesting and he really knows his materials. The exams ARE hard, but if you put in the extra effort, it's  possible to get an A. Class is curved, but if you're really worried about your grade and you still want to take this class, taking it as a Pass/No Pass is always an option.
Literally hardest GE I've taken at USC. Class is fun, grades are not. Avoid unless you are either REALLY interested in ANTH or does not care about ur GPA.
Stanford is a top tier professor. Class is fascinating and he teaches the material beautifully. Not that hard either, just memorize what he tells you to.
Professor Stanford is a great professor. This course itself is pretty interesting and useful if you embrace it/actually try to learn. NOT an easy class,your grade basically relies on 3 midterms which are of pretty decent - high difficulty every time. If you really put in extra time, effort, and are studious, you can get an A. If not, you won't.
Really great teacher/very interesting class. It is not an easy course, but if you put in the work, you will get a good grade. Would highly recommend to take as a GE. The class is also curved at the end.
Dr. Stanford makes it clear at the start that questions for exams will come from his lectures, but he doesn't post the lecture slides on BB. Thus, while attendance is not mandatory, it is HIGHLY recommended that you go to class and take notes. Overall,  a hard but engaging class.
If you're good at memorizing a large amount of information (ie Linnean nomenclature, dates, etc) then you'll do well. IMO way WAY too many readings and tests on most minute details. Rigid curve. Way too info heavy for a GE.
The grading scale was not too bad, but definitely not easy.  For an averge performance based on the curve, that could get you an B. The 10 points above that you can get for B+/A- and 10 below was the D+ and C-.
Very interesting lectures, but the class is way too hard for a GE. The class is curved, but you still need over a 90% raw score to get an A. I would only recommend if you're not taking any other hard classes. Not a good GE.
Great professor, lectures are interesting and he clearly knows what he's talking about. Tests are much harder than they should be for a GE, though, and make sure to go to every class because he doesn't post notes on Blackboard.
Not an easy class, but can do well if spend significant amount of time on it. 1. Be prepare to memorize specfics to do well in exams; 2. Make sure to go to discussion to get participation grade; 3. Do extra credits even though it counts only a little.
Very difficult class for a GE. Tough curve, only 3 midterms making up 90% of your grade. All memorization. Professor is helpful and clear however.
Way too hard to be a GE class. 2 midterms and a final, very few extra credit avaible(>1%).Many readings, take up about 10-15% of the test. I studied extra 20+ hours prior the 2nd midterm and merely passed the test. Don't take this class unless you're extremely interested in ANTH, or you will regret.
Pretty straightforward and easy class. Make sure you get James as your TA! He was the best. Also, you really don't need the text book; I never even opened it.
Great professor. He is EXTREMELY knowledgeable and presents material in an interesting way.  Class is not hard, but you have to study the power points and attend discussion sessions. I would definitely recommend this class for GE credit. Not hard to get an A
Great professor.  I was never too interested in anthropology, but now I am! He makes the course very interesting.  Make sure  to go to discussion sessions. Do the extra credit too! It's pretty easy and it's worth a bit. JEP's a good idea, but it's quite time consuming.
Excellent professor. Stanford is one of the top Anthropologists in the field and it was great to take a GE with him. His lectures were always interesting. Another incentive to go is that most of his exam questions are from lectures. Go to lectures - you will do well on the exams and actually learn something.
Very easy class. Just go to lecture and memorize powerpoint notes to do well. Not difficult concepts
The exams in the class are challenging and are good tests of your knowledge. The class itself is very interesting and the teacher is hilarious. Definitely a good class, but involves a ton of studying.
GREAT PROFESSOR, knows what he's talking about. So approachable and helpful. Take this class, I actually enjoy it!
no comment
Professor Stanford is great! I love his lectures, although the tests are very detailed and require a lot of studying. Overall, really interesting subject and well worth the work
In order to get a decent grade you MUST do JEP...It will help you big time. Do ALL the extra credits...They're really easy plus it helps you in the end. I didn't read the textbook at all this semester, but the lectures are really IMPORTANT for tests. If you don't go to lectures make sure you get it from a someone. Good pre-major class.
Very enthusiastic teacher. It is alot of information to cover in the class and often feels overwhelming. The heavy memorization or terms/people/places was what made this class a drag at times, but are the MOST important part of his tests.
Professor Stanford is a great teacher, he wrote the textbook so he's very knowledgeable and funny. I really enjoyed this class. Take good notes and make flashcards for genus/species names and you should do fine. I really enjoyed this class, fascinating
Not the easiest class, but I found it interesting. Watch out for the second midterm - he grades harshly. I've recommended the class before, plus you get a Zoo trip out of it.
He's a really nice guy, but this class was way to hard for a GE. Don't take it if you're looking for an easy A. The first midterm was easy, but the ones after kept getting harder. Not much reading since everything comes out of lecture.
Stanford is an intelligent,clear, and enthusiastic professor.  The material is fascinating and relevant. Tests require a lot of studying, but there are no tricks--test questions come straight from lecture. If you study, you'll do well.  Reading the text isn't really necessary if you go to class. Recommended if you study well for the 3 tests.
He is an understanding and lenient teacher. We had class once a week and I had a lot of issues come up during the semester and missed almost all the classes but he still gave me a good grade!
Top USC PROF! Good Lecturer, funning, engaging. Beware, this class is hard. 2midterms, 1 final (multiple choice/essay &#63;'s). Lots of memorization of scientific names (Australopithecus aferensus, gigantopithicus, etc.) Stanford worte the textbook, so there is no BSing. Discussions are mandatory but faily easy (talking about the readings)
His origins of humanity class is excellent! His lectures are thorough but not too heavy. His choice of materials was good too. Overall, a really great class.
such a hard class
I hate this subject, but his lecture is interesting. I only studied 2days before the exam and I got C. It's kind of easy class, but I hate it.
Great lecturer, very engaging. And totally gorgeous.
He's amazing he knows what hes talking about and hes really amusing...he has great anectdotes of field work ect
one of the most entertaining profs here, and definately the best 100+ student lecture class I've had.
He's seriously hot. Or at least he was 5 years ago.
No Comments
No Comments
Craig is an awesome teacher even though he is difficult when it comes to grading. His information on Bonobos is fascinating.
Best class I've had at SC.  Really intriguing subject matter.  You can tell this guy knows his stuff.
No Comments
No Comments
Very nice, very smart, and an excellent teacher.
103115	Rex	Kovacevich	50
He tries to make his lectures funny. One of the best professors I've had in SC. If you read the textbook and go to lectures you will easily get an A. Group project might screw you over though depending on who your teammates are. Definitely recommended. Uses Arkaive check-in randomly. 
If you memorize everything - you'll get an A. Lectures are pointless. 
easy A, take notes and ask questions you will be fine
Rex is a nice guy - genuinely interested in his students. However, there's a preference to people in greek life.  My team had struggled a lot during the marketing simulation (which is HORRIBLE) - and he barely helped. Also, he gave me NEGATIVE participation grades in things I had clearly been or done at least 75% of.   All in all, disappointed
Epitome of a good professor. Very easygoing and very understanding. 
Rex is the best kind of professor - cared about his students and about the material. Made clear his expectations, fair grading style (about 70% exams, 30% proj and part). Exam questions constructed such that those with only topical knowledge would miss a good amount, which is good because it allowed students to distinguish themselves
Zero correlation between his study guides and the actual exams. Exams are too hard for a marketing class. 
Class is pretty boring. Usually didn't take attendance but participation points count towards your grade. His lectures make sense but won't help you pass the relatively difficult midtermfinal. Study with the textbook and his lectures and you should be fine. Hard to get a high grade because of curveamount of students in class.
Rex is a great prof. He's got a lot business experience, has a good sense of humor to keep lectures interesting, and you get the sense that he really does care about his students. I would highly recommend him if you are taking 307. As far as grades go it's what you're used to with Marshall: easy to get a B, hard to get an A. No busywork.
Take this guy. Father figure. Knows what he's talking about. Last class what where he told stories and said he was glad to be a part of our "educational journey". Always incorporates jokes in lecture to keep it light. Take this guy seriously
Great prof! I forgot it was a 2 hr. lecture at night, he's a great teacher and introduces material in engaging ways. Put in the work and you should do fine. He is straight-forward and his tests really test whether you understand the material- applying it to marketing situations, etc. So it was definitely helpful & I learned a lot.
Rex is a cool guy with a bunch of great stories and pretty clear lectures. Use the study guide and you should know everything on the exam. Word of wisdom: DO NOT UNDERESTIMATE THE TEAM PROJECT. It is a lot of work if you plan on pulling off anything that's good quality. He's an understanding professor and a cool guy so just do the work for an A.
Learned a lot from this course. However, horrible grade system that ended up screwing up my GPA. Seems really nice inside lecture when he jokes around, but outside the classroom he's not very understanding on circumstances. Was impressed in the beginning but now in the end was extremely disappointed.
Rex is an old school kinda guy, I would say one of the better marketing professors for 307. He teaches mostly Grad school. I enjoyed the class, learned a lot, but disliked the multiple choice style of learning. Easy to get a decent grade. Very lecutre-book based. However, I will admit I entered without much interest in marketing and left fascinated
His grading system SUCKS. I'm a 4.0 student & I regret taking his class bc I worked way too hard to only get an A-. His tests r difficult & his study guides r not always helpful. It's a shame bc as a teacher he's respectable and I enjoyed his lectures, but u get screwed over on the group project because ur peers essentially control 40% of outcome.
Amazing professor. Content of the class is really easy and he presents it in a way that you don't ever really have to read the book. He gives you a comprehensive study guide before the midterm which as long as you go through, you should get a good grade. The group project is a lot of fun too.
He is a nice guy and I liked the group mrk project. Study guide is useful.
All around average. Theres not a lot of points in the class and his tests are hard.
Great professor and great teacher but the group project is horribly constructed. If you care at all about your GPA, don't take Rex.
Plzzzz, the Professor is so average. The book does all the teaching b/c it's straightforward. There is nothing special about this guy. He's lazy. His grading is whack especially since he lets the students grade each other; Marshall should not allow him to do this. I wish I took someone else, ugh.
Rex is a good teacher. Definitely interesting. Has good stories to tell. Very straightforward. Grade is based on participation in discussion, midterm, final, group project. Group project sucks because it is mostly graded by your peers and if you get the lowest score, it can kill your grade. Nevertheless, it's a good class!
Kovacevitch is the BEST 307 teacher. I heard he was good but hard prior to taking him. After taking him, I'll say he's is just as good as advertised, but not nearly as hard as they say. Just read the chapters, make a study guide, and work hard on the marketing project and you'll get an A. Also, he doesn't assign a long paper like the other profs
Great professor, he tries to make the class as interesting as possible, grades based on: attendance (to discussion sections), midterm, project and final. He is the best marketing professor
Great teacher and great guy. Not the &quot;easiest&quot; of the marketing teachers, but if you attend lecture and discussion you'll do fine. I'm not into marketing, but the materials and videos he teaches with make it interesting. Highly recommend!
He is not an &quot;easy&quot; grader, but he is amazing! So nice and he genuinely wants to help his students.
if you are a male international student, forget it. the best u can do is a B. he seems nice at first, but eventually u realize that he is super biased. if u don't have skills to be his pet, u'll get a B or lower no matter how hard u try.  it's in ur best interest to take another professor.
amazing teacher, great person.  class was very entertaining. kind of a difficult grader, but overall a great class.
perner is easy but not helpful, kalb is a bad choice, but kovacevitch is a great professor. he incorporates humor into his lectures, the midterms aren't that bad as long as you put effort into it. you don't really need the book at all. great guy.
Great guy, very enthusiastic. Willing to help you out with anything. I never really went to lecture but wish I had more. Go to every discussion he gives participation points out. You pretty just go over pp slides all class. One of those classes that's a breeze to get a B in but really have to work to get an A.
Rex is an awesome professor. I first had him as the leader of my Taipei business trip and now as my marketing professor. He is a competent and knowledgeable businessmen and he is an excellent speaker. Kept me interested in lecture even when I thought the topic was dry. Also, he did not require us to write a 10-page paper which the other class did.
Rex was an awesome professor. Sure he's not easy but he definitely knows his stuff and appreciates it when class participation reflects we know our stuff as well. He tries to explain everything clearly and when he didn't, he sent out an informative email to us before finals to clarify some confusing topics. Take him!!
I enjoyed his class, and never felt discriminated against for being male as some of you have suggested. Ranked in the Top 5, even though I wasn't a business major. My secret was participation...I would come with good comments and  questions during his Friday meetings.
He really has a favoritism. He is always knid only to girls. Discussion is aimless. He doesn't want male sudents to come to his office hour. His job seems so easy. What he does is just giving us hard test. He talks about his family which we never care!!
He's a very cold person. always plays favorism with certain people. He dislikes foreign students. renowable **** among international students. not friendly at all.
Tests are very hard.  Project is easy as long as you get a good group.  Lectures are okay the first hour but then they get boring. Have any teachers here heard of a break for long classes&#63;
Other than the retarded Marshall curve (which kills you because this class is easy), I had nothing against Rex.  The final project was a joke too.
Tough to get a good grade b/c of mega section.  Nice guy but could have done better
Very nice teacher, but leaves the grading to the TAs.  Tests are hard.
Easy Class just study your handouts and show up to the quizzes
This was a horrible class. It was unecesarily hard and he is so boring. I couldn't stand being in the class. No matter what you do, if you don't memorize all of his thousands of slides and the entire book, you can't get an A.His tests have a review sheet that defined is 23 pages long. Just a warning
I didn't like the way he left all the grading to the TA. Because of my experience with Rex, I dislike Marshall B-school.
Such a horrible class. I also dislike Rex's grading policy for the video presentation. He should quit his job because he plays favoritism with certain students.
his class is challenging but he does a great job of clearly explaining everything and he does whatever he can to keep his students entertained.  his tests are hard though.  make sure you go over the study guide!!
Rex is really not a friendly person. He also tries to make his class hard...but it's all a bunch of shibai.
He is a very cold person. I have never encountered such a professor in my life like Rex.
Easy class, curve kills you.  He sure loves marketing.
This was a great class with a great teacher!
Subject is easy, but beating the curve is tough (everyone knows the material).
hard to excel because of the curve, not helpful with adjusting grades
No Comments
860888	Mark	Redekopp	49
Great teacher, he's always ready to help when needed. He's really good at explaining the material and making it easy to understand.
By far the best professor I've had in my time at USC. His lectures are concise and engaging, and he addresses students' questions with total clarity. It's not an easy class, but Redekopp makes the material make perfect sense and gave me incentive to show up to his 8:30am lectures. 
Best professor I had. I would be willing to lick his shoes clean if he asked me to.
If you don't know nothing about micro controllers (like me), EE109 is going to be really hard. However, you will lear A LOT. Get ready to work for the labs, they are very difficult at the beginning since it is all new (for me). Prof Redekopp is awesome, on the other hand I never understood anything of what prof weber was trying to explain. 
Best teacher I've ever had the pleasure of learning under. Truly cares about whether everyone in the room has understood the concepts. Understands how certain things may be difficult and has the best approach to teaching them properly. 
What  can I say that hasn't been said already? He's a legend.
If you do not know anything about conductors, resistors, etc. you will have to pay close attention in class to keep up. However, Redekopp makes it really simple for you to get to where you need to be. He is extremely helpful during office hours and while you work on your labs in class. The class as a whole is do able just know you have to work it. 
After taking 103, I was actually pretty sure I was going to change my major but decided to take 104 to be sure. Redekopp is the reason I'm sticking with CS! Although this class was incredibly difficult, he made a huge effort to make sure all students understood every single concept. He is very personable and truly cares about each student.
He's a great teacher and keeps lectures interactive and interesting. Really friendly and available for help. Class itself has extremely heavy workload (15+ hours of programming HW a week) and difficult exams (midterm and final were worth 30% and 40% of grade respectively) but grading curve makes getting at least an A- fairly easy (70% was an A-)
If you thought CSCI 103 was hard, just wait until you take this class. Very hard work and homework are tedious. Professor was helpful but it doesn't matter when it comes to 104 because you are the one who's gonna do all the coding. Please do not major in CS just for the money because you are going to regret it after you take this class.
He really knows how to teach, he knows the subject and how students think and understand and evn pay attention, listening to him is all you need to do to feel like you understand it, no need to take notes. his homework is understandable and he is the most easy to ask help from professor.
If you haven't gathered as much already, this guy is a complete legend. He makes the material seem like absolute child's-play and has his lectures down to a science. Also, he's really helpful in office hours and is just a super solid guy. Take him at any chance you get.
Great professor. What could have been a very boring "hardware" class turned into one of my favorite classes of college. Good lectures, fair tests, useful coursework, great course reader (which was the only textbook you need). Pay attention, give this man the respect he deserves, and you will leave with a great understanding of low level computing.
Great guy and amazing professor. Brings a lot of positive energy and intensity to lecture and explains every concept inside and out. Once I had to miss a lecture because I was sick and I was genuinely upset that I couldn't be there. His classes are very challenging but he makes the difficult concepts behind EE and CS fun and clear. 10/10
Doesn't matter what class, everyone should take a class with Redekopp. He is, without a doubt, the best professor at USC. You will learn more than you ever wanted to learn, and he is just an awesome professor. If you put in the work, you can definitely get a good grade. Redekopp is so awesome, that I go out of my way to take every class he teaches
I guess there are already plenty of comments saying "best professor at USC". I will have to agree with that. He brings energy to the whole class, explains things concisely and precisely. HW and Labs can be a little tricky sometimes, but they really help students learn the materials well
Definitely the best professor at USC! I don't know what more can a student expect from a professor! He's clear, interesting, challenging, patient, approachable and humorous. And for those who may wanna know, he's really handsome!!!
Mark Redekopp is awesome. Not only is he clear and easy to understand, but he's also very friendly and down to earth. He manages to take even the most difficult concepts of CS and EE and make them fun and easy to grasp. Viterbi should clone him! Just like somebody said earlier though, if there's a Redekopp class available, TAKE IT.
Excellent professor!  Explained the concepts well and really took an interest in student learning.  Didn't overwhelm you with work either, but still provided enough to understand the material and practice.  Also didn't blatantly prefer grad students, and understood best how to convey ideas to undergrads, while still providing us with a challenge.
Nice analogy
Why are you even reading these comments? No matter the class, GO REGISTER WITH REDEKOPP! He's the best teacher at USC (that I've had). So helpful, nice, knows a ton about everything, and will look into problems you have that he doesn't know the answer to. Love this guy. People think he is "intense," but they're just used to lazy professors.
Good professor, but a bit extreme. Covered all of the 101 material and then some, and was way ahead of the other 101 classes. He's occasionally helpful during office hours, but his TA was more efficient. Teaching style was more like &quot;here's the assignment, you're on your own&quot;. Not the prof you want if you're just testing the waters of CS.
My first EE class, I was once again impressed by his teaching style- always gives second chances after bad tests to everyone, super fair, awesome explanations, and of course, entertaining but challenging. Perfect course.
One of if not the best professor at USC, definitely take every class that you can with him over other professors, explains everything completely and always willing to go over it until everyone understands
Known to be the best professor in the engineering school, and he really is. Very friendly and teaches difficult topics clear and easy to understand. I wish he taught more CS courses!
This was the first year this course was offered. Redekopp seemed to be the man behind all the class projects/assignments. EVERYTHING we did was valuable and interesting. We had coding assignments on so many advanced topics for an intro course: parallelism, robotics, graphics, social networks/tree sorts. Very valuable, and very well-taught.
Best Professor I've had at USC
I have never had a teacher explain things so clearly. He makes the most boring aspects of the course interesting, and is always friendly and willing to help during office hours. I'm going out of my way to postpone EE 357 a semester just to take it with Redekopp!
Amazing teacher! Most people will agree he is the best USC has to offer.  He is extremely knowledgeable, encouraging, and interesting.  Not only does he teach well, he is extremely likeable. Take his classes if you can.
I just transferred from a CC and Mark is the only instructor I had my first semester that taught with the quality one would expect from an instructor at USC, considering the costs. He's fast, but precise and clear. He does not waste time trying to make u feel like an idiot if u do not understand something; he actually works with u and helps u.Props
For those confused, CSCI499 = CSCI100. Same class. This teacher is very clear, very helpful, young, and knows what he is talking about. He is very available after class, and his projects were fun and practical. Good use of technology in the course. Most with no prior experience did fine.. and the optional book was very useful. Easy enough mid/final
For someone with NO prior programming experience, the class was definitely a challenge (he moved through topics kind of quickly), but if you go to office hours he's super helpful. Will spend time explaining it to you until you get it. Really approachable. AWESOME professor. Definitely recommend him.
This class isn't easy, but Redekopp makes an effort to help everyone in the class get the grades.  Approachable, and always willing to answer stupid questions.
Good teacher, but can sometimes be unreasonable with extensions, 10% per day off (harsh for a compsci class), better than most with e-mails, but still not perfect. TAs were pretty good, but lab wasn't required anyways, so I never went. Overall, I definitely recommend him. While I don't think he's as good as some other people, he's better than most.
Professor Redekopp was the best professor I had freshman year. His projects teach you everything about C/C++, keep you passionate about programming, and still remain academically challenging to push your ability to another level. I recommend taking his class whenever you get the chance. You will not be disappointed.
Awesomest. Professor. EVAR!
He is the best professor ever! Makes everything much easier! take his class if u can
He is THE BEST professor. He is so organized and crystal clear in his explanations. I would never want to miss any of his classes since they are so informative and fun.Take whatever his teaching and you won't regret.
Best professor at USC easily. No accent. Smartest person I've ever met. Take him if at all possible,
Hands down the best professor at USC! He explains everything until everyone understands. He'll do anything to help his students out. You will certainly be missing out if you don't take at least one of his classes!
USC Viterbi School of Engineering ranks high because of Redekopp Father and Son. Many of engineers will take classes from both of them. In short, prof. Redekopp is extremely smart in what he's teaching, somewhat fast but preciese. Gotta be prepared. It's definately not an easy A but not hard if you work hard. Try attend all classes. DON't Missclass
Prof. Redekopp is an excellent professor. He comes to class well prepared and gives thorough and precise lectures. He gives many examples and also includes examples of practical applications for the material being taught. He is very interested in receiving feedback to improve his performance. He is great and will only improve in the future!
very clear in explaining difficult concepts. if you dont understand anything, just ask the guy. he's so helpful and patient you'll feel like he's engineering godsend. if you do your work, you'll be fine in his class.
Best EE teacher by far.  Great at explaining material and very helpful.  You'll never find a better teacher.
Redekopp is the best!
Do whatever it takes to take as many classes as you can with either Mark Redekopp or his father Larry Redekopp. They are the best professors at USC.
The best teacher I have ever had in college. He is very good at explaining and also very helpful during office hours and reply emails really fast. His tests are also very fair.
He is very good professor, helpful, makes subject much more easier to understand, really nice guy !!!I really recommend you to take his classes !!!
He is great teacher, make every thing easier and very useful and help.
1750317	Sheila	Tejada	48
I didn't learn anything from this course that would benefit me.
Worst professor and course ever!  First of all lectures are way too easy and she even can't explain them. Just explains obvious and easy things! Quizzes and sample exams are so easy but exams :O I'm sure she can't solve problems by herself! You cannot learn anything from homework! You just waste your time! She is polite and it's the only +
Though the class was disinterested a bit a first, she always used to make up for it. The exam review classes were good as it gave an idea about the exams. She took time to explain all the concepts over and over again. Not too hard of a course especially with 300+ worth of EC to boost your grade. However, be prepared to study a lot on your own.
Comfortably the worst professor I have had in 17+ years of education. Did not curve her grades at all, no clarity on grading scheme. Lies to pacify students all the time, and lacks clarity in her teaching, notes and presentation
She said that the grades will be curved but it seems not. She cannot explain things clearly, and left us confusing only one night before final exam. Also TA and graders seldom reply the questions on piazza in time. They all seemed disappeared one day before the final. Nobody was replying questions on piazza, which is terrible.
Really don't know why she can be a teacher. She is too weak at teaching and you gain nothing in her class
Shelia Tejada is not a good teacher
This course is not hard to pass or get a nice grade.But I really learn nothing from this course.The professor always use "so" to ignore all the important things and clarifications.If u want to study something ,u had better not take her course.
Professor is good..I highly recommend taking this course..
The topic of this course is not that easy. It involves quite a lot algorithms. Tejeda's lecture is not clear, so you can't expect to learn a lot on class. Her homework requires python programming. It is a little challengeable to me  She also gives 300+ extra credit. If you got 100+, you grade raise a level. I would say it's not hard to pass.
I love this professor. Every lecture was interesting. I took this as a 3 hour class once a week and I always found myself focused and inspired. I would take all my classes with professor Tejada. I would highly recommend taking 561 with her!
A significant number of students dropped this course, and I sincerely wish i had been one of them. The work was initially manageable, but soon became unreasonably difficult for an introductory course. I was initially interested in pursuing a CS minor...I now have zero interest in anything CS related ever again. Avoid enrolling in her classes.
whenever you ask her a question, she just makes this humming sound at you and repeats your question. also, she would lecture about stuff like /teamwork/ and completely neglect to teach us concepts we actually needed to know to complete the homework.
Absolutely horrible. Came into this class with no programming experience and felt like I was asked to do extremely advanced things for the homeworks, which she didn't explain how to do at all. DON'T TAKE HER
This professor is so ridiculous that I don't even think she deserves the time I'm taking to post a review. She cannot teach and the last several weeks of the semester have been an absolute nightmare. The programming assignments take an exorbitant amount of time and she refuses to recognize complaints about not understanding the material.
terrible
She doesn't teach and comes to lecture completely unprepared. I have learned close to nothing regarding the fundamentals of CS. Her homework assignments take up more time than the entire rest of my life combined. With CS being so important in the future, it is dreadful that she is the one that's making the first impression on curious students.
By far the worst experience I've had in a class. In lecture, she will discuss one topic at length, and then the homework assignment will have nothing to do with the lecture and force you to learn everything and pull two straight all nighters for a homework assignment on a three unit class. Avoid all costs.
Very unclear when it comes to explaining the lesson and what she expects out of you. Good intentions, just not a very good teacher. Relatively easy grading, but the homework assignments are ridiculous.
Don't.
She's the worst teacher I've had in my life. She made my semester a living nightmare with her projects, terrible teaching, and horrible management. Stay far away from her or prepare to have the worst semester of your life.
I absolutely regret not dropping this course. First half of the semester was easy, second half miserable. HW assignments towards the end of the course are so ridiculous that all my time was spent trying to get partial credit points rather than learning the concepts. Was thinking about d-majoring, now just counting down the days til it's over.
You're in for a ride with this one. She's boring, never answers your questions and utterly horrible at explaining things. This class probably deters all students considering CS as a career. PAs never reflect what is taught in class and you're mostly left to learn on your own. Good luck fellas!
Honestly, easily the worst professor I've ever had in my entire life and I transferred from a really bad community college. I really hope no one ever has to read this, because if you are I will say very clearly: DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS, NO MATTER WHAT.
Dropped with a W on the last day possible, but should have dropped earlier. Computer science was new to me coming in with no experience and I learned really quickly that it requires a lot of practice to sink in concepts. Tejada doesn't care, and she piles on so much HW that you never take time to learn the fundamentals. She can't answer questions.
I was thinking about minoring in CS but after her... I had a high grade but dropped when putting things into perspective and realizing that this was just a intro class yet taking up more time than all my other classes combined. She really has the best interest in heart, but just cant teach well. Shes teaching at a graduate level next semester.
Took CS101 to see if I would potentially double major. After her class, I'm barely even considering minoring. I had a high grade but dropped because it was true torture and couldn't imagine going to the next level because I knew almost nothing. Her homeworks take 10-20 hours because you never learn how to do them. Have fun kids!
I am appalled as to how USC ever hired this woman. Time and time again she reaffirms her status of being a supremely low-caliber teacher through her ridiculous homework assignments, unorganized lesson plans, and half-ass responses to any and all questions. The class is definitely manageable but be prepared to study 80% of the class by yourself.
Horrible teacher. Students who are taking this as their first computer science class ever, do not let this class disinterest you. She does not know how to teach and does not know what she is talking about during all her lectures. Teaches us more on how to study rather than the material itself.
Absolutely terrible. The class was way too difficult work-wise for a three credit, and professor Tejada is an absolutely awful teacher. I feel some pity for the grad students that have to take her next year in 561 (I think). She made my semester hell with her homework projects. If Tejada is listed as the class teacher, stay far away.
Terrible professor. She cannot teach, incredibly unhelpful, fails to gauge interest. I really enjoy CS and she almost made me want to drop out of the major. If you can avoid her classes, please do. Its not the difficulty the gets you. Its the uselessness of assignments and her failure to help.
Just God Awful. One of the worst instructors of any subject at any grade level I have ever had the displeasure of coming across in my life. Is extremely disorganized, lectures are useless, does not seem to care about her students in the slightest. On the bright side, if you still like CS after taking her class then you know you're passionate
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR. WORST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER HAD. I HAD TO TEACH MYSELF EVERYTHING. AVOID HER AT ALL COSTS.
The most horrible professor i have ever seen. Lecture is a pointless and disjoint, doesn't explain anything. Using overblown homework to force you learn everything by yourself. Avoid at all cost!!
Terrible teacher. Going to lecture is pointless unless you are going to get the TA's to help you on something. If you listen to her lectures it seems like she is making them up on the spot, they will not help you learn the material. If you dare to ask her a question she will be sure to make you even more confused. Avoid taking her at all costs.
Professor Tejada is a terrible professor. Do not take her class. She is unorganized, has no idea what she is lecturing about. She realized that she taught us nothing in the last three weeks of the semester and tried to cram everything in that she was supposed to, basically ensuring that we learned none of the material. DON'T TAKE HER CLASS!
The worst professor I had at USC. I was so pumped for this course because it was a key subject in computer science. The lectures were so boring and dry and the professor kept on saying "ummmm" in every other word that you zone off to what she is saying. You had to learn almost everything by yourself. PLease do yourself a favor and avoid taking her!
It consistently amazed me every time I attended this class how bad of a teacher Tejada could be. Lectures were incoherent even when she actually tried to give them. Assignments were incredibly vague. She was terrible at answering emails. Due dates were never clear. Avoid taking this class in any way if you have any interest in learning to program.
I came into this class only knowing HTML. The class required me to challenge myself and learn outside of the class. People complained about this, but I hear that in other courses like CS 200, you are required to learn on your own things you've never even dreamed of doing. If you can't do that now, you should drop the major. CSCI 101= weed-out class
Actually the most absent minded person i have ever seen in a teaching profession. Does not know how to teach so she writes it off as a "learn how you learn!" class. Retarded. Notes and lecture is horrible, unless you're already proficient in coding then would not recommend.
Not very good at teaching. Lackluster class with busywork and silly requirements for overblown homework assignments
She really does know her stuff, but she's getting a bad wrap so far because she's teaching a brand new course--this is the first time they've incorporated robots into the coursework.  If you fall behind, you can just read the textbook and talk to TAs and other students, and you will do fine.  TAs do all the grading, and they grade easy.
Worst teacher I've had in SC. Lectures are inconsistent with lab. Midterms are hard to study for, because questions are barely in her lectures. Though the book has the information, it would be suicide to read the entire text. Tried approaching her with questions, didn't really help. Class is dreadful. TAs helped me more than she did, for a fact.
She doesn't know how to structure the class, didn't explain the basics until 5 weeks into the course. She doesn't explain the concepts clearly or thoroughly. It's easy to get a good grade if you know CS from before, but the assignments are a pain. DO NOT TAKE this class if you expect to learn programming.
Extremely unhelpful and inarticulate in her lectures. Never has control over the class and doesn't teach basics well. Bad idea to take if you're completely inexperienced in programming -- try to get another professor.
She is nice, but does not teach at all. While assignments are easy, she is unclear and cannot teach the important basics well at all despite this being an intro course. Do everything you can to get a different teacher if you seriously want to learn CS.
I am highly interested and fairly experience in cs, but this class has not been helpful in the slightest. She has taught us practically nothing so far regarding c++, and you're on your own if you want to improve. Class is extremely easy, and while she is nice, she is also unclear and not too helpful. I would not recommend this class with her.
The class is a joke. She is unclear and contradicts herself all the time during lecture. The labs and homework require very little knowledge and effort to complete. I would urge others to choose another professor if serious about learning CS.
18521	Claire	Bono	47
Clearest programming lecture I have ever taken
CS 455 with Bono is straightforward and easy. That said, I learned alot in this class and would definitely recommend it, whether your goal is to get a good grade OR to learn alot about Java/C++. The people in the class who did poorly did not submit assignments on time.  If you put in a good effort and a reasonable amount of time you will do well.
Programming has always been one of my strongest subjects and I ended up with an A in the course. Nevertheless, professor Bono is a horrible teacher. Her lectures are very frustrating and annoying...she's also very unfair when it comes to dealing with the students...her attitude is more fit for a middle-school teacher.
Don't know what the idiot below me is talking about - she was just plain awful, whether you're good at CS or not. Unorganized, treats you like you're in middle school, condescending, annoying. The subject matter isn't hard - it's C++, but the assignments are so pointless, and if she makes a mistake (often), she'll be the last to admit it.
Prof Bono teaches difficult course matter and it's no surprise that some students cant hang. Some students don't last long in computer science, and prof Bono is the one who seperates the men from the boyz
three words: mess, mess, mess. horrible teaching style, godlike disorganization(have i mentioned messy&#63;), doesnt have much passion to help students learn. you mostly have do this course by yourself. thankfully, the TA yin tao will be helpful
Horrible teacher. Where to begin. She has no idea how to organize a class. Doesn't justify/explain her methods well at all. Program descriptions are verbose, yet somehow unclear. SHE IS EPIC SUCK.  Made me hate programming, and that makes me sad. Hopefully you have a good TA, or you will thoroughly hate your semester.  Choose Cromwell if possible
Honestly, a complete mess of a teacher who has managed to turn csci 102 into the main source of stress for my Freshman spring semester. Barely any skill in communicating instructions clearly or knowing what details are necessary to understand an algorithm or assignment. Knowledgeable, no doubt, but absolutely no skill as an instructor.
Horrible teacher. Rank with condescension for questions that are addressed towards her terribly setup structure. She leaves so much ambiguity, and you have to ask &#63;'s sometimes, but she thinks it's perfect, and doesn't help at all. Don't bother with office hours - complete waste of a professor. Makes me question 'SC's hiring program as a whole.
Easily the worst professor I've had at USC, possibly the worst teacher I've ever had.  She knows the subject very well, but has no form of organization/structure to her lectures, is very condescending towards her students, and is very difficult to get help from.  Too bad she's the only 102 teacher.
I don't know why so many people hate this professor. All you need to do is come to class, pay attention, ask questions when you're confused, and you'll be set. Her midterms are tricky, but I felt like I had plenty of time to come up with the solutions necessary. Overall, she just needs more experience teaching the class to get everything right.
:(
It doesn't really matter, because she's the only one that teaches 410 now and it's required, but she's a complete waste.  Steals 90% of her material from the Berkeley boys, and doesn't seem to understand it most of the time.  I'm fairly certain she doesn't write much (if any) of the skeleton code for the projects.  Good luck anyway...
She's fine.  All the negativity is ridiculous.  Save it for someone who deserves it.  Professor Bono isn't amazing, but she's a decent, standard professor.  Although the projects are such a waste of time.
No Comments
She just straight up SUCKS!!!!  Don't believe me look at her rating on www.senatecourseguide.com!
Lecture and homework don't connect very well.  She doesn't always seem to know what's going on.  I think she only teaches 410 now, but deal with it at your own risk.
No Comments
I got an A- in the course, but I still think she's the worst professor I've ever had...SHE DOESN'T EVEN HAVE A PHD
i thought claire was a great lecturer.  she was able to explain everything in a clear and concise manner.  it was lot of work though.  you may not want to take 410 and 402 at the same time.
Lecture has NOTHING to do w/ projects (which make up most of hte grade)... Tests are easy...
I had Bono 10 years ago and she was good.  But, she sure did get chalk all over herself.  I wonder if she's upgraded to white boards yet.
No Comments
Knows the material but not approachable and hard grader.  Lectures not clear.
Good teacher, interesting course, had no problem undrestanding her
No Comments
No Comments
She is probably the worst teacher I have ever encountered.  1) S
Do yourself a favor! do not take CS 201 with Bono!!
No Comments
knows material
Fun teacher, teaches in an easy manner, through transparencies and vague notes
She definitely tops the "worst professors ever" chart. Just horrible.
Good professor, puts notes up on the web, that helps alot.
All in all a good prof.  Not too helpful in office hours though.
No Comments
She gives really helpful assignments, and you can seriously learn sth.
fun assignments.  they're easy except for the hash tables assignment
doesn't know how to teach
pointless to goto class... no help at all... just stay on top of assignments
very boring, mostly reads from notes, does NOT interact with class
No Comments
I could have just slept for 14 hours and I'll still pass out in that class
No Comments
No Comments
She's not all that hard. Just keep up on the projects and you'll do fine.
No Comments
1569974	Rahsan	Akbulut	47
She's very friendly, straightforward, fair, and practical. 2 midterms and 1 final, all multiple choice. You get practice midterms before each exam. If you study the powerpoint slides, textbook, and MyEconLab assignments, then you will do well. She makes ECON 351 much easier than other profs do. Highly recommend!
Don't take Akbulut for microecon. It is nearly impossible to get an A (she curved my class 2 percent). Almost everyone gets a B or B - so you end up receiving the same grade as the students who did nothing all semester long.
People said she's chill but this class is anything butYou want to learn?Her lectures will not help, she is confusingYou want an A? Read the book, go over HW 1 Million times, her tests aren't straightforward eitherUnless econ is your forte, and you're not working and just going to school fulltime and have all the time in the world, dont take her
Her eastern European accent is very thick and naturally makes her lectures hard to understand.  She has mastered the art of complicating simple concepts.  Her exams are quite tough.  If you manage to find the test bank for the book, don't waste your time on the multiple choice questions, she constructs her own based on the long  answer math Q's
One of the nicest teachers I have had! She's always willing to help her students and answers any questions you may have during class. The course content is not that interesting so lectures can be a bit boring. Her practice tests are very helpful and tests are not that difficult, but you have to study and do practice problems in order to do well.
I have a BA in Econ and I used to work in a field with pertaining to Economics. Case and point I know my stuff. Rahsan seems nice enough, but she is not great at explaining relatively easy concepts and her lectures tend to unnecessarily drag on. Maybe when she becomes a more seasoned professor she will be better at commanding a classroom.
She is very nice and patient. Her exam questions are not straight forward. Midterm sample is very useful but much easier than the real midterm.
She was very nice and a fairly good professor. She was quick to answer any question you may have in or out of class and could easily refer you to ways of understanding difficult concepts.
Akbulut is the most dedicated teacher, I will not say this is an EASY class, however she really cares about her students and if you pay attention in class, you WILL get it. Loved her as a teacher and im not very good at math
would recommend. her tests were straight forward just what she taught, i didnt even need the textbook. Some ppl think she is unclear but she is always willing to repeat and help you if you just ask or go to office hours. very numbers based but math for a 9th grader.
Solid econ professor. There is homework, and there are 2 midterms and a final. Fairly challenging, but nothing ridiculous
This rating is relative to other  econ professors in my opinion. Our midterms/finals seem much simpler than others, such as Alonso and Cunningham; tests are mostly on the more fundamental concepts. She's eager to help, always responsive to emails and requests for meetings other than office hour. I would def recommend.
Not the best teacher. Lectures are boring and tests are a lot harder than the practice ones that she gives out. She can be helpful but the most questions on the exams just look nothing like the lecture.
I went to every class and am able to do little/ no work outside of class. I've taken econ before, but she does a great job of organizing the information. Definitely recommend looking over PowerPoints before exams, and I also recommend going to classes because she explains better than the book. Overall definitely happy with her.
Solid professor. The material isn't the most engaging, but she does a good job teaching it and wants to make sure you understand it. She is super helpful and her exams are very fair. If you put in reasonable effort, you'll do well. Participating in class will also help your grade too. She knows who is active in class.
Overall a great teacher. Go to class and pay attention, and you should be able to get the grade you want. She is very patient and understanding and willing to  reexplain a concept until you understand
Taken Micro many times before, but she does a great job organizing the course and obviously understands the material well. Lectures are ridiculously boring, though, and tests are hard- she requires you study multiple chapters, but has trick questions and pulls out questions randomly. Very willing to help though- go early for help to get an A.
I really liked Akbulut! She is one of the sweetest professors I've had. (I took Tontz for a little and she is much better.) She always checks up on the class to make sure they're following thru out the lecture & she's really helpful during office hours. Her teaching is very calculations-focused while Tontz is theory-based. I'd definitely take her!!
Her class is very boring and it is hard to focus. Her exams are very hard and have nothing to do with her power points or homework assignments. She gives you example midterms but even if you can do those you still wont be prepared. She is very nice and tries to help but isnt very good at it.
Overall a fair teacher. Lectures are insanely boring (especially if you took the class at 8am like me). She has an accent that can be tough to understand at times. She teaches directly from the book and the power points provided by the books publishers. If you aren't good in boring classes, you will not do well.
Her exams are hard, no matter how much you study. Her class is too boring. She is very nice, and helpful. She loves economics. My advice: don't take her unless its the only option, then study alot.
She's a really nice lady but if you're not interested in econ and if you dont do too well in pretty boring lectures, dont take her. If you can manage to pay attention she's a great teacher but it's really easy to zone out because she teaches straight from the book and doesn't make it too interesting. Really nice and always willing to help though!
She is really nice, but her lectures are not that great. She teaches better when it is one on one. If you do not have an interest in Econ, do not take her. Exams are multiple choice, but her questions are extremely tricky.
She is very helpful but teaches straight out of the book. If you are not the best at econ I wouldn't recommend her. The book will do a much better job at teaching than her.
She is one of a kind (i mean super helpful!) Unlike other Econ professors her classes long around an hour and 15min! She gives homework once every 10days but it helps you to prepare the midterms. Overall she is amazing!
One of the best professor i've ever seen! She has an accent but you can easily understand her. Exams are multiple choice and same examples covered in class. If you go to class it is an easy A! Highly recommend!
She is the best teacher I have ever had. He is awesome, funny, smart, and adores her job. She makes economics fun and not everyone can do that. As long as you attend class, you should get most of the transmitter questions correct and all the activities correct. Always attend because she explains real well and gives midterm questions during class!!!
She is such an amazing professor! She is really willing to help everybody. She encourages students to attend class, ask questions and go to her office hours. She has 2 midterms and a final, and she provides example exams before (which are pretty same as the exams) Plus homework assignments are not hard. She is GREAT, take her if you can FOR SURE!
Professor Akbulut is GREAT! She is very relatable and personal. A sweet professor who will try her best to make you understand the concept!! Her exams are not difficult but not easy. However, if you attend her office hours and ask questions, you'll be fine!! I have no econ back ground and I got an A. HIghly recommend to take her!
Homework is very similar to tests. Posts slides online. Attendance not mandatory, stopped going to lecture the second half of the semester. Tests were very easy in my opinion. Very nice woman, but very boring. Teaches directly from textbook. Getting an A is very doable.
She is a wonderful woman! SUPER helpful and clear. Her exams were a bit difficult, but if you work with her in office hours and do the online homework, you'll be fine. If you want to learn economics, take her. I definitely will again.
Very hard compared to other Marshall classes I have taken, she is nice and willing to help I just felt like she didn't really prepare me for the test. The reading helps but the online homework is pretty different
online homework is very difficult. i'd say the exams are not as difficult as the hw. she is very clear during lectures and goes at a slow pace so students understand the concepts. exams contain a lot of math. difficult class but she does a lot to help!
20% of her class is hw which is free points if you do it. She drops the lowest hw. Her tests are very hard if you don't understand all the concepts, and I mean every single one. The math portion of problems are very easy. Basic algebra and switching numbers around. If it's your first time taking econ, expect to be studying a lot
Nice professor but semi-hard class. LOVES numbers, so be sure to understand how to calculate problems. Tontz, on the other hand loves the concepts, so pick your professor based on what you are good at. Posts ppts online, takes attendance & participation is counted.
At first she seem's hard but once you understand her testing style, she is actually a very good teacher. She is also always available for office hours and by email and in general a very pleasant person.
She is new but willing to mess with her teaching style. After everyone bombed the first midterm she changed things up and there was a drastic improvement for the second one. Tests appear to be difficult but going back, they really aren't as bad as I thought while taking them. Attendance and participation are part of your grade. also has an accent.
Every class is the ame format - lecture for an hour and a half and taking notes from powerpoint. Tests contain about 75% of powerpoint material the rest (usually numerical problems) are derived from the online Econ lab homework. HW makes up 10% of your grade and is very easy/helpful. She is new to the university I believe and is still adjusting.
Understanding of the concepts is key in this class. A lot of mathematical problems on tests so if math is not your forte, take someone else. She is always willing to help clarify anything that doesnt make sense and cares about her students. This class was hard but you learn a lot. Definitely have to work for your grade! Attendance mandatory.
The subject itself isn't that easy.  Pay attention in class and take good notes and you'll have something to refer back to when studying.  Powerpoints are a little confusing so I refer back to the notes I take during class.  Attendance is taken daily.  Overall, a fair professor but because the subject itself is pretty difficult, you have to work.
She even do not know how to teach. Very unclear about the material. Do not post answer on the slides. She just enjoy write on her iPad with unreadable hand writing!!
This was her second semester teaching I believe so she's still a bit new.  Very unclear at times and often gets mixed up when lecturing.  The class is certainly passable, but more work on you to understand whats going on.  Teaches off the publishers power point slides.
unclear explanation, thick accent, boring lectures.... . If I were you, i'd take Tonz
She is a nice person yet doesn't explain stuffs really clearly sometimes. And she sometimes skip around materials which make the class confusing. Now she put up more practice exercises in class so I feel better.
she is nice but the class is hard and somewhat unclear. thought i did really well on the first midterm and bombed it. attendance is taken daily.
You fill asleep every class. I picked her over Tontz. worst decision of my life - take Tontz. I'm a math guy, but her voice is so shrill and class so boring, that it is impossible to stay awake. Do yourself a favor....TAKE TONTZ.
She is a really nice woman. Sometimes she goes through slides quickly and can be confusing, but all in all her class is fair and you can definitely get an A.
658710	Anthony	Kammas	47
Kammas is not a professor; he is mentor. He doesn't teach you WHAT to think  but he teaches you HOW to think. Incredibly knowledgeable man yet very humble. You can get into discussions with him and he will love it. He truly expands your horizons. As he says" Have the courage to use your own reason". BTW all girls in my class have a crush on him!
Kammas is the most influential professor I've ever had. His knowledge bank in regards to politics & history is immense and inspiring, yet not intimidating. He makes it very easy to learn and to grow, and he wants his students to be better - he doesn't really care about research grants or any of that, he's truly there for you. 1010 would recommend
I took this class because it was the only one that fit in my schedule, and it's been one of the easiest courses I've taken. The lectures themselves are relatively dense due to Kammas's incredible knowledge on the subject, but test's are just definitions and and an essay, so if you pay attention in discussion, you can ace the class without reading.
He's a professor that forces you to look at a certain subject you thought you had a grasp on in a very different way. His style is captivating to some, incredibly frustrating to others. I enjoyed every class because he provokes you to reassess some of what you thought were your already-established beliefs. He engages his classes like very few can.
I really regret taking this class P/NP. First few weeks seeming very confusing but mid terms and paper turned out to be very easy. As it gets closer to test time Kammas will make it very clear whats goning to be on the exam. Try to get Brandon Johns as your TA if you can. He's very helpful and an easy grader.
Best teacher I've ever had in my life. Bet class too. He changes the whole way you think about life.
Answer these questions before you take the class. 1) Do you like politics? 2) Do you like reading 25-70 pages a day/week? 3) Are you very opinionated? 4) Do you enjoy voicing your opinion on paper? About 2 papers. 5) Do you like short answer/essay writing exams only? If you said more yes than no to these questions, then take this class, vice-versa.
Kammas frustrates me 1) because he never responded to my emails, 2) because his material is pretty dry to begin with, 3) because his teaching style managed to make Rorty, Mouffe, etc. even more confusing, and 4) because of his absolute cynicism and lack of hope. Some classes are relatively enlightening, though--if you focus hard.
Not a fan of this class whatsoever. Very uninteresting class and completely irrelevant to Political Science. Best part is you don't have to go to class and there's only papers and quizzes, no exams. Lectures are basically irrelevant, so who cares how great of a lecturer people say he is? Wouldn't recommend this class to my worst enemy.
Kammas is a brilliant man. A captivating lecturer. and a beautiful person.
Awesome lecturer. Class assignments are mostly readings, which can be complex but Kammas goes through them comprehensively. Great professor and class.
He is awesome! Honestly such a genius its hard to keep up! His classes are amazing because you can say anything you want to promote the discussion. At first I was slightly lost but I finally got the hang of understanding his lectures. Two papers 50% and pop quizes 40% and participation 10% Definitely recommend him to anyone philosophically minded!
I went to class probably 5 times and got an A-. Brian Bowman (TA) is so nice and doesn't require you to participate in discussion.  Easy grader and really nice, too. Only thing is, I couldn't really understand what he was saying because of the room the lecture was held in. Bad echoes..
Kammas is not a "professor". He's a mentor. Someone who will have a profound influence on your life. The man is interested in helping you, not marking you down for minute mistakes on a piece of paper. I highly suggest you take any courses with him. USC is one of the best universities in America, but Kammas should be teaching at Harvard.
Fantastic professor. Inspired a major in philosophy. All around great. Take any class by this man.
Very knowledgeable professor. Really amazing to just listen to his lectures and connections to other sources. And it doesn't hurt that he is THE hottest professor I've ever had.
Excellent professor, very energetic and very intellectually vibrant. I highly recommend his classes to anyone
6 quizzes (4 count, drops 2 lowest), 2 papers and thats it. The whole class is based on readings that really dont make any sense unless you read a lot of philosophy. He also wants you to make ur own opinion of the readings so he tries not to really tell you what its about. If you can figure it out, he grades very easily and one an A is attainable
Take this class. 5 quizzes (2 lowest ones will be dropped), 1 midterm and 1 final. A lot of readings but you'll love it if you're interested in this topic. Kammas is absolutely the best.
excellent professor, best at usc.
Ladies and gentlemen, Anthony Kammas is a great professor. His lectures are, ladies and gentlemen, very thought provoking and involve a lot of engagement from the class. The tests are, ladies and gentlemen, pretty easy and if you study, ladies and gentlemen, you'll get an easy A. Ladies and gentlemen.
Simply, he goes over the readings in class. So just read, in accordance. I can honestly say that from the whole book i read 3 articles and for the midterm and final some students made a outline for each article. I rarely paid attention, all depends on your t.a i had mills, he was great. 5 pop quizzes are easy, .
Don't need to attend lecture to do well in the class; quizzes/midterm/final are all based off the text. Do your reading and you'll be fine. Grade is dependent on TA. Very intelligent prof, but lectures are too philosophical at times and do not clarify readings enough. Good class/prof, nonetheless.
I unfortunately hate comparative politics so the material did not interest me at all but Kammas is  an excellent professor and very passionate about political science. Definitely can get an A if you do the readings and pay attention in class.
AMAZING PROFESSOR! I want to take a class with him every year if I can! He is one of the most brilliant people I have ever encountered and teaches so much. Class isn't easy but it's definitely not hard and worth taking for sure! He's someone you want to be taught by. Favorite prof at USC by far
I have no idea what these other people are thinking. Kammas is a great professor, but 120 is hands down the worst, most pointless class I've taken at SC. He has no place teaching comparative politics. If he is teaching this class, DO NOT TAKE IT.
Awesome teacher. Takes a very philosophical approach to comparative politics. Lectures the entire time, no power points. 6 quizzes (lowest 2 dropped), 1 midterm and 1 final. Tests are very manageable. If you do all of the readings and take good notes, it will be pretty easy to get an A. Great prof!
Knows his Poli Sci. Lectures the who lecture without notes. Very well read guy. Asks questions to the class to keep the lecture going but people always participate without cold calling. He doesn't cold call. Reading is a good amount but entirely manageable. If you read and pay even a tiny bit of attention you will do well.
Fantastic professor, and the material is always interesting.
Not a very interesting class but what do you expect from a lower division course&#63; Kammas is a very good professor who I would definitely take again though not for a lower division class. I have a feeling that he is most effective with smaller groups.
Kammas is the most relaxed teacher I've ever had. There are 6 in-class pop quizzes but the lowest two grades are dropped. There are a lot of books he wants you to read but you can still get a good grade by just reading sparknotes and summaries. You grade is highly dependent on how the TA grades.
Prof Kammas is an amazingly funny and clear teacher. That being said, I felt terrible for never truly forming an interest in what he taught. Clearly, philosophy isn't for me. Still, I ended up with a great grade in the class because Kammas was just a fantastic teacher who really helps you to understand the material!
Professor Kammas is an all around great professor. His lectures are interesting and engaging. He really gets you thinking through guided questions and discussions. He is fair in his expectations and examinations. One midterm, one final and 5 quizzes of which you can drop 2. Highly recommended.
I agree with everyone's comments below, but I do think he is a bit full of himself. Also, your grade depends on the TA you have. I got stuck with a man who couldnt speak any english. A TA can break or brake you grade. Be prepared.
Amazing professor. He's passionate about what he teaches, and focuses on the material. no essays, just midterm, final, and 5 quizes (2 lowest dropped). Makes you actually want to go to class. Has a nice, laid-back sense of humor, and incorporates it into the lecture. loooved this class. plus, he's actually good-looking.
A. Kammas is an amazing professor. It amazes me how thoroughly he knows the subject matter. He's a great teacher that is pretty good-looking and the smart-factor just adds to his overall awesomeness. Class is reading intensive with 5 quizes (lowest 2 grades are dropped), a midterm and a final. This was a great class!
He is a fun professor who loves to smoke cigars, drink and make Greek jokes. He will really change your thoughts on how the world works. His teaching style is relaxed, he doesn't use a blackboard, he relies on our questions. He provides 6 opportunities to write 2 papers. There are 6 in class quizzes- you can drop 2 of them. TAKE BOTH OF HIS CLASSES
Structure is like the comment below. As someone who hates reading in a class that is reading heavy, I thought I was screwed. First few books were hard, but really got it by the end. Can't really take notes for this class, and he doesn't teach off of any notes. Kammas doesn't lecture, but asks a series of q's that are meant to make you think.
GREAT Prof. 6 pop quizzes 2 lowest dropped, 4 chances to write 2 papers. Show up, participate, and read you will do fine. Understanding, friendly, and FAIR! He is genuine and cares about the performance of his students, sometimes hard to take notes 4 his class, alot of tangents, but well-worth while to take his class. EASY.
awesome prof. def take his class - it is well worth it. exams are tough but he is a fair grader and offers as much help as you need. office hours are great - will talk about everything from class material to partying. check it out!
enjoyed it very much. he is fun, and very , very, very interesting.
Fantastic teacher who happens to be fantastic looking.
Kammas is the Best Professor at USC. Take this man's class, it is well worth it.
This class seemed completely overwhelming at first, but after the first midterm (out of 2), I realized that it wasn't going to be as hard as it seemed.  Lectures were really interesting, and Kammas is one of the smartest professors I have had.  There is a lot of reading, but you can get away with skimming it most of the time.
No Comments
TAKE THIS MAN'S CLASS. Anthony is the best professor ever and some of us are considering transferring across the country to take more classes from him. (Why did he leave DC&#63;) Just mention the name &quot;Agnes Heller&quot; at office hours (GO TO OFFICE HOURS. They will be the best moments of your college life.) and see what happens.
HOLY MOLY, this guy is pretty hott which is good because now I pay an extra amount of attention. He's Greek or something hott like that. He is VERY nice and shows interest in anything anyone wants to contribute to discussion. He poses good questions and I feel that in every class I learn a lot.
15634	Cymra	Haskell	46
Her lecture is really unhelpful and boring. 
So basically everyone I know hated her classes. She isn't that bad, infact she is pretty damn good. Math is all about practice, if you work hard enough you will do well. Or you could just be Asian or Indian. Works both ways. 
If you have questions, you can always go to her office hours. Missing class is NOT a good idea. She doesn't use the textbook and goes over the notes in class - if you skip a class, make sure you get the notes from someone else. She's such a sweet lady but she's not always entertaining. Midterms are tough, again, missing class is not a good idea. 
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS YOU. She will first explain any sort of problem in the most difficult manner possible then continue to make your life terrible by giving you quizzes on things you do not know because she has never taught it to you. She assumes everyone is passing while most of the class is scraping by. Do not take this class with her. Do not!
Waste of time. No feedback. Painful to listen to her over-complicate things.
WARNING: DO NOT TAKE HER! she is by far the worst professor ever. Math has always been such a great part in my life but she defiantly helped me loose interest in anything math related. She writes and writes in the board with out explaining the concept, does not show in depth examples, and has no sympathy for her students.
WARNING WARNING DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!!! she is the WORST at explaining, never does any examples in class, its all theory and no examples and then she expects you to know how to do the homework, she is NOT a good teacher, she complicates material that I am sure I would've understood if i had had a different teacher, PLEASE DONT DO IT
Complicates everything. Nothing too terrible if you can teach yourself by looking at the book when you do your homework. Then again, I am decent at math
By far one of the worst teachers I have ever had. She made the material way more confusing than it needed to be and was extremely unhelpful and condescending.
dont take this class. waste of time. no feedback on work.
Cymra is a terrible professor. She doesn't communicate with her TA's and always changes her office hours. Good luck getting help in this class. Her tests are made up of material that was never covered, in a totally different style than her worksheets. I have emailed her a couple of times and her responses are unhelpful and not personable.
Professor Haskell is very nice. She tries her best to make students understand. She is always concerned. She is patient and happily to answer all your questions. From her class, I improved a lot to think rigorously and logically. She makes me start to love analysis.
Prof Haskell is an excellent teacher who genuinely cares about her students and puts great effort into preparing for class.
If you have ever considered registering her class, read the following. A math major with 3.9 GPA struggled in her class, and had no understanding of her lectures. She didn't explain anything in lecture, rather she just wrote down her notes to the board. one thing can make you do well in her class: study at least 20 hrs/week for this single class
She's a nice lady but her teaching style has no place on this planet.  She trys to teach math with power point presentations that have NOTHING BUT WORDS ON IT.  She hardly does anything but read directly from her slides and over-complicates things.  I don't know about you, but I need numbers when learning math.
She's quite nice, but is terrible at explaining concepts and tests are exceptionally hard (except for the Final). The saving grace for the course was that the TA was informative (much more so than the professor) and the Final Exam is the same as other professors (and as a result comparatively easier than our other tests).
Very difficult class even if you've already taken calc 1 before. She is very confusing and hard to understand. The tests are very difficult in this class and so are the weekly quizzes. The TA teaches better than the actual professor. The structure of the class makes it very difficult to get an A.
While she is nice, she has no idea about how to teach a class.  She breaks everything down into fundamentals and takes 30 minutes explaining something obvious and by the time she says it is obvious, you're more confused than when you started. Not to mention her powerpoints are useless.  DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS.  If you have to, take it pass/fail.
Very difficult class
Professor was really nice and agreeable.  She obviously really cares about her students even though she doesn't really consider that we have lives outside of class (double homework over spring break&#63;!) but her tests are easy and exactly the same as the review sheets.  She is overly verbose though and has a tendency of overcomplicating easy topics.
I took Calculus in high school and was pretty good at it. However, after entering her class she made fundamental, easy ideas seem really difficult. Her explanations were lengthy and complicated when they didn't need to be. Moreover, she made us take matlab which other 125 sections didn't even do. The only way I got an A- was prior knowledge.
I guess I can thank my super hard and expensive High school...I got an A in math 125 only due to my high school background. Haskell is TERRIBLE and makes you do MATLAB assignments and reports which other Math125 sections don't do. Tests are ok just variations of quizzes & lecture problems. Stay away if you don't want to be challenged in calculus.
OK at explaining concepts, but by the end of the semester the class was behind so she had to go more quickly and the class got harder, and I know some classes went a lot faster and had more time to prepare for the final. I had never taken calc before but did fine, though I had to read the book for some sections.
very unclear and the tests are ridiculously hard, don't take
Though nice her lectures are incredibly fast-paced and she doesn't explain concepts well at all.  Way too verbose and does not make calc accessible to most students.  I did great in high school (2 years of calc).  Matlab is the WORST THING EVER.  All cuz &quot;a few engineers in the class should know it&quot;
terrible at explaining concepts, my last calc teacher explained things so well and I understood it and did great, Cymra is a mess and explains poorly and haphazardly. She really makes it harder then it needs to be. TA was not too helpful and quizzes were way easier than exams which is not helpful. Prof is a nice lady though
STAY AWAY! Do not take stats from this woman.  She spends months on &quot;counting techniques&quot; and treats you like an idiot, but then she gives decently difficult tests.  Also, she doesn't prepare you for the common final very well at all.
First I must say she is very clear about the materials and she is VERY nice. She teaches fast, so follow her pace in class. She uses many examples. Weekly quizzes r not easy but not that hard. TA is a funny and nice guy but didnt help that much. Only bad thing is matlab - ridiculously HARD but also no one get full pnts either so dont worry.
Lectures were fairly hard to keep up with, but there is a lot of material to cover in such a short period of time. Her tests and quizzes are difficult and do require studying for, but if you go to her office hours she is very helpful and eager to help.
She is not clear and therefore makes class harder than it should be. She doesn't use many examples. Discussion isn't any better: TA doesn't explain anything
She is not a very good calc teacher at all. I took calc in high school and she actually confused me on information I once knew. She teaches way too much in theoretical ways that are incredibly confusing. She gives weekly quizzes that are frequently unrelated to what has been taught, and the matlab projects are absurdly difficult.
Very annoying to listen to and understand.
She is one of the worst professors i have ever had in my entire college education. I personally got an A but i worked so hard for it!!! I had 3 tutors and i still struggled. I advise anybody to seriously take this class at smc or another junior college. or use JEP it was sooo worth it, honestly.
Professor Haskell isn't the best teacher, but from all the 118 teachers, she's the one who will best prepare you for the finals. Her midterms can be difficult if you don't study. Quizzes are somewhat difficult but it depends on how your TA grades. She gives good examples on how to do problems, but she explains WAY too fast. Her class isn't great, b
Wastes a lot of time explaining things that do not really matter. Once you learn to cut through all that the class is easy. For people who say the class goes fast, they try to memorize everything she says instead of doing this. Use the book to get the important stuff
Despite the many negative comments that Prof. Haskell apparently receives, she is actually a pretty good professor. She may teach some concepts very quickly, but she gives great examples to back up her claims. All in all, she was a really good teacher.
Honestly, she is probably the worst teacher I have ever had. She's not really mean, just a bad teacher. The only thing that saves you in this class is the curve, or if you're just a pure math genius.  If not, I would highly suggest you take someone else.
I have previously taken calculus and this class was very difficult.  haskell attempts to teach but is terrible at it.  She does not check for understanding.  She knows her class is difficult and even says so in emails and in lecture, yet she is terrible at teaching. I would recommend taking 118 from another one of USC's &quot;great&quot; professors.
She goes really fast and always thinks she is behind, which makes her teach faster. She will skip a lot of steps that she assumes students know when they dont. take someone else.
She didn't do a very good job explaining anything and her methods did nothing but confuse her students more than actually help them to learn anything.  She also didn't do a good job answering questions raised in class.
Unless you took calculus before, her class can easily kill you. i personally took calc like, 3 times before, so i was okay...but all of my friends got literally killed by her midterms and what not. one good thing&#63; our class freakin aced common finals, cuz our homework is harder than other classes' midterms!
She teaches at an extremely fast rate and does not account for the fact that some students have not taken calculus before.  Basically the student teaches themself the material.
No Comments
The way her course was structured didn't give a lot of room for interaction with Haskell. Her lectures were rushed, so any questions that I had I had to ask the TA, who was great. That said, she did answer any questions raised in class very nicely.
she's ridiculous.  she takes 3/4 of the class period explaining thereoms instead of doing practice problems.  her tests are completely unfair and don't reflect what you go over in class.  dont even both going to class...  it wont help.
somewhat easy, goes very FAST
1448039	Zivia	Sweeney	45
She cares about her students and about subject material. Has experience in the real world and talks about it all the time. Knows accounting inside and out. Funny stories, she's very dynamic. So many assignments. Group projects are hard. Tests are hard. Go to her office hours for "professor points". I worked for my B. 
Enthusiastic Person, Has A lot of connections, Not an effective educator. Class is very unorganized. 
Tests go by the lectures and by the homework problems. If you redo practice problems over and over again you will succeed. She is very helpful during office hours and will walk you through the problems step by step. Get to know her and she''ll open doors that you didn''t even know were there.
She is not ready to teach a graduate level MBA class. 90% of the class time was wasted on "stories" of her past field experience. When she decided to "teach", the validity of her comments were constantly challenged by other CPAs in our class. It is easier to get an A if you skip the lectures and use that time study text book instead.
Professor Sweeney is by far the best teacher I have ever had. Her class is interesting, entertaining, and challenging all at once. But, most importantly, she really cares for each of her students. She tries very hard to help them in any way she can! She strongly pushes students to convert to accounting majors, but helps every step of the way!
Sweeney is probably the best professor I have ever had! She truly cares about the success of each of her students. She has amazing connections throughout the accounting world and pushes hard to inspire her students. I would definitely suggest visiting her office hours. It will help alleviate a lot midterm anxiety HIGHLY RECOMMEND PROFESSOR SWEENEY!
People make her out to be one of the most difficult teachers but she really is not that bad. If you attend lecture and do the HW, you'll definitely do better than the curve which is all that matters. Great connections outside of class. She has a amazing connections too! If you're willing to put in a decent amount of work, this class is doable
Absolutely loved her. Just got final grades back, and I'll warn you that the average was a 54% which was not uncommon for her tests, but still a fantastic teacher and person. The class is very tough and I had to rethink my work ethic to do well, but it was very worth it. Definitely recommend.
Professor Sweeney does not use class time in the most efficient manner for your grade, but her real-life stories are invaluable and I think she is the best teacher for the course. Accounting is a subject you need to know, not one you can study and memorize endlessly. You need to get it.
The teacher can be relatively easy. The midterms are just challenging. Midterms are super long, so you have to really know the material to even finish on time. Overall great teacher to know on campus.
Lots of self teaching. Very very nice person. Has lots of connections with great accounting firms. However, terrible at teaching the materials. She tells lots of stories related to accounting but has nothing to do with the course material. Plus her exams are 25+ pages long and never get to finish.
The tests are very difficult. She is not particularly good at teaching the material. Instead, she has a propensity to go off on tangents and give personal anecdotes about her life that are irrelevant. If you want a decent grade, the onus is on you to read the textbook/course reader to teach yourself.
Great mentor and a very sweet professor, but her tests are brutal...29-30 pages and only an hour and a half to finish...to of extra credit but still very very very hard to get an A. if you are an accounting major, she is the one you want to talk to. Great connections!!!!
Professor Sweeney....is quite interesting. As far as helping you out OUTSIDE of the classroom, she can be the best. HOWEVER, beware... you have to do all the work yourself. She barely teaches in class. She curves a lot so that helps. Go to class because she gives extra credit for participation..
Prof Sweeney is not easy, but she is clear and very helpful. She is very involved in the accounting profession and has a lot to offer her students. She is more than a professor, she an incredible mentor. Take her, and enjoy learning in class. She is full of knowledge and I was lucky to have had her.
Though I did receive an A in her class, she is not a good teacher. To do well in her class you have to read and learn everything by yourself. However, since she is not a good teacher, the curve is very forgiving. If you want a good grade, take her class. If you want a professor to teach you, do not take her class.
She's definitely not easy (as stated below her tests are 30 pages long), but she is a GREAT teacher. If you actually want to learn accounting principles you can apply to the real world, TAKE HER. She tries to relate accounting to every major. After taking this class, Sweeney helped solidify the fact that I want to double in accounting. I recommend!
Easily the hardest business class I've taken. Tests are literally 30 pages and near impossible to finish. Hours of homework result in two homework checks for a total of 20 points (out of 1000) during the semester. Huge company group project. Way harder than any BUAD280 professor. Nice lady otherwise.
Don't know how USC hired her.Tests are impossible due to an insufficient amount of time. Exams are 30 pages and, often, people finish with 10 pages left.  Its more of a game than a test of knowledge to figure out which questions are worth the most and guess on the rest.
Totally killed any interest I may have had in accounting because of how hard the tests are and how little she actually teaches. Homework answers are online and she checks a fraction of the problems occasionally. Curve helps with the grade, but not a pleasant experience. Take someone else.
Word from the not so accounting wise: take some other 280 teacher. Sweeney is very nice and is a great business teacher. Very charismatic and all that. Does not teach accounting though and her tests are epicly hard. If you're naturally good at accounting it's all good though. Massive hw amounts and huge project as well. Alot of extra credit though
She is a nice PERSON, however one of the worst teachers at USC, because SHE DOESN'T TEACH! Most of the class time is spent talking about her life, which is entertaining, however will not help on the TESTS. She told me she would mentor me for my start up and in the summer demanded money which was super out of the blue, even though her advice sucked.
Zivia is great! I totally dislike accounting to begin with, but she made it digestible and even fun at times. She's very lively, which is rare in accounting professors. She's also a very reasonable person when it comes to homework. She has got to be your best choice for 250b.
Absolutely awesome professor and mentor. She is a bit tough but she has such a bright attitude that is contagious. I do not like accounting but pulled off a B in her class. She is my mentor and has helped me score a high profile corporate internship. You want this professor!!
She is absolutely the best professor I've had at USC. She really cares about her students and went out of her way many times to help me a lot.
GO TO HER OFFICE HOURS because she is one of the nicest and easiest to talk to professors I've had at USC so far. Literally. She really cares about her students. I mean REALLY cares. Her teaching style just sucks which makes the class hard. Lots of self study. But it's really not as bad as people say. She also grades the group project SUPER easily.
Although I got an A in the class, I don't like her at all. She's not at all helpful. Basically you just study the textbook. She never talks about class material, seldom goes over problems, and uses majority of time talking about her &quot;real-life&quot; experiences that are not at all interesting. She frequently dismisses class early.
True she is a very hard teacher, but if you pay attention and get her to like you it can make your life a ton easier and actually help you out. This class will be hard and take a good amount of work, but if you put it in you can get a great grade and you will learn a TON about accounting. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR ACCOUNTING MAJORS
People must just spam this site, because Professor Sweeney might be the best professor I've had in Marshall thus far. She truly cares about her students, one time holding class in her office after falling and splitting her knee open just prior. Regardless of the professor Accounting is a very work-demanding field of business. ABSOLUTELY take her!
Yes, you will have to work hard to do well in this class. There is a lot of homework and if you actually do it all, it will take you a long time. But, Sweeney does send out most of the answers so you can refer to them as you do the hw. She is an extremely knowledgeable professor & truly cares about her students and USC.
This class is a lot of work but you will learn SO MUCH! And you'll become interested in accounting. I switched my major to accounting after taking her class. Yes there is a lot of work but if you do it, the exams are not hard. Great professor and really helpful!
Decent class. Quizzes were straightforward and easy. Midterms and final were hard. Presentation was easy and fun. At least 50% of the material you have to teach yourself out of a complicated book. She tries to make a boring subject fun. Good luck!
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this professor. Unless you want to spend 20-25 hours on a 5 point homework assignment and not even get credit for it.
Picked favorites early, class lectures were basically useless; I learned 99% of the material on my own using the textbook heavily. TERRIBLE grader. Another student and I both received 0/5 on assignments that were completed and took around 20 HOURS. She refused to give either of us credit where it was deserved. Don't expect a pleasant experience.
She is HORRIBLE! donot take... probbely the worst prof at usc... her homework assignments are ridiculous.. its like copying each chapter again. Take merle hopkins instead, hes awesome and atleast u will learn someting!
If you are considering to take BUAD 280, please do not choose her class.  She is one of the hardest grader I've ever met.  Not only are her midterm are hard but also her attitude towards her students.  Her advice are completely useless.  BEWARE OF THIS TEACHER
Very knowledgeable professor with lots of experience. Her class is easy to follow if you do your homework and the required readings, but at times she can still be a bit fast. Don't expect to learn too much from lecture, it all comes down to how hard you study by yourself. However attendance is checked as it is a small part of your grade.
She is wonderful and dont let anyone tell you otherwise! Although the midterms are extremly difficult she doe warn students that it is a hard class. It WILL take over your life. But it's perfect because every other class is a joke once youre done! Your work ethic will improve through the roof!
Pure evil. Do not take her class.
She is absolutely worthless as an instructor, picks her favorites early and sticks with them. Out of my class of 20 only 1 person got an A. Your grade is basically her play toy and she literally will tell you &quot;I can bump you up or move you down.&quot; During teacher evaluations she supervised us and actually forced us to turn them in ahead of time.
I've only had her for three weeks and already despise her. DO NOT TAKE HER UNLESS YOU WANT TO DO HOURS OF ACCOUNTING NIGHTLY AND ATTEND A CLASS WHERE SHE LITERALLY TEACHES NOTHING. the worst teacher ive ever had at usc!
The good: at beginning of semester she seems super nice and will TELL you she will help you. THE BAD: she does not follow through with her promises to help, her office hours are not to help students, just to frustrate you. She does not give any type of review help for midterm/final and they are extremely hard!Trust us that have rated her,stay away!
Sweeney is outgoing and tries to be as helpful as possible, but her midterm and final are extremely difficult.
She is a horrible teacher who DOES NOT teach at all. Probably the worst teacher I have ever had. 95% of what you will learn/ be tested on will be from the book. What she teaches in class is useless and a waste of time and does not help you for your final/midterm. The final is ridiculously difficult!!!
Seemed very friendly and helpful in the beginning of the course. However, as the course progressed she showed her irritation on being asked to clarify any doubts or confusions students had. Also is extremely biased with students which shows; the ones she liked and would respond to and with others she was extremely curt and snappish.
476777	Daniel	Durbin	45
The lectures are long. Period. The class is nice if he likes you. I also like when he opens up the classroom for discussion. This is rare, though. Only take this class if you are into fashion. 
2 papers, 2 tests, 1 twitter assignment. The tests are fairly easy but make sure to completely understand the course notebook material. He offered over 10% extra credit on the final so that can definitely help. Maybe 3-4 out of 50 questions came from the outside textbook. Papers depend on the TA's. Meet with them prior to submitting. Pretty easy
I've taken a number of Durbin's lecture classes and wasn't his biggest fan. He is much better in a smaller discussion style setting. The class was interesting, but he didn't really follow the syllabus. Definitely easy to do well in this course. Simply showing up to class and engaging is enough.
Easy A, boring man.  He takes the fun out of everything and drones on without a direction.  Terrible teacher, and I thought I failed, but nope,got an A.
Durbin is full of himself and the class is a bore, but it's super easy. Take it if you want an A, but don't expect to learn anything.
He is a very interesting guy. From my experience he is very obsessed with brand names and puts people down if they aren't wearing clothes up to his "standard". In this class you have two essays, a midterm and a final(Both multiple choice) and a twitter assignment (VERY easy.
This class is really easy, but wow is Durbin a terrible teacher. He's a slightly funny guy who tries way too hard and somehow manages to make sports boring. Take this class if you want an A, otherwise its a waste of time.
I was excited to take his sports communication, but was disappointed. He made sports boring and I am obsessed with sports. His tests are very easy and the class is not hard at all, but he just isn't the best teacher
Took him 3 times. you can light the syllabus on fire and don't buy any of the books. Class discussion is all over the place. If you can do a ppt presentation well then you can get an A. If not you got problems. Durbin doesn't like any nonsense though. Show up for every class and ask questions.
Durbin is a really well meaning guy and the class was super easy to get an A in. That being said he really isn't a very good teacher. He mumbles, reads right off the powerpoint, and goes off on tangents so long even he forgets what he's talking about. Honestly he knows a ton about sports and culture but he just doesn't know how to teach.
Durbin is a really knowledgeable guy. The class is kind of all over the place but overall isn't very hard and is pretty interesting. Grading entirely depends on TA but if you go talk to Durbin about a questionable grade he'll help you out. Go to his office hours.
Did not have much structure in the class. In the end, he wasted so much time that we barely covered half of the material. Arrogant guy who loves to go on tangents and complain about small things. Would not recommend if you want a valuable learning experience. Easy class though.
Very disorganized professor.  Often spends the majority of class going on tangents and wasting time. He enjoys making fun of people and  is pompous. Midterm and final were very easy, just study the course reader (don't buy the book). Papers depend on the TA
While the subject material is interesting, this is the worst professor I have had at USC. Expect little adherence to the syllabus, vague structure, minimal guidance as far as papers and tests, unanswered emails, rude personal interactions, and grades wholly decided by TA's. Be wary of this one.
This class was by far one of the worst and most disappointing classes I've taken at USC. Durbin is extremely disorganized and basically will spend an entire class session trying to impress you with facts and sports knowledge. His ego alone should make you want to leave the class after the first 5 minutes.
chill guy, easy midterm and final, studied for 3 hours for final and over studied, essays easy to bullsh!t
Durbin's class is highly disorganized but fairly interesting. The multiple choice exams are of average difficulty. As long as you review the lecture notes, you'll do fine. His TAs grade the two essays surprisingly harshly for the ease of the rest of the class. Not an easy A but definitely an easy B.
Don't panic. He loosely follows the syllabus schedule and seems disorganized, but just take every assignment one step at a time and you'll be fine.
I've had Durbin for 201 before and just had him for 383. I guess TA's make a huge difference because he's an easy professor but he doesn't grade anything it's all the TA. Besides that, he's annoying and highly disorganized. Also, don't expect him to ever reply to an email. He favors girls and doesn't even try to hide it.
Talks about baseball too much but easy class.
I wish I had more space to write! He is an AMAZING teacher!!! Don't let the his intro comm class get you down - he told me it is meant to be the hardest class. Took all his upper division classes. He is really nice and approachable. Make friends with him and he will be there to help you when you need him!
He knows a lot, and I mean A LOT, about sports. Very entertaining professor. Interacts very well with students, and is not afraid to speak his mind. He did not make us buy the course reader, which was nice. He does take attendance, so make sure you go to class, but going to class and taking notes is all you will need to do to succeed in his class.
Funny, knowledgeable, and yes, cocky. His lectures get a little bit drawn out occasionally, but he is definitely worth taking a class from.
I really loved Durbin. He's a funny guy, and he's a bit odd, but I really liked that about him. The essays for his class were a littler harder than I expected, and we had wayyyy too many guest speakers (I think more than usual, and some of them were pretty monotone). I am planning on taking more classes with him, though, because I really liked him!
I am an NBA junkie and NCAAf lover, Unfortunately all we talked about was baseball and boxing. The highlight was Mark Sanchez speaking. I care nothing about baseball and boxing and memorizing all the leagues of baseball was tedious. Tests are hard and the papers are graded very hard. I worked very hard to get a B- despite my interest in the subject
At first, he won't seem that bad, but sit in his class for an entire semester and you'll want to punch yourself in the face.  Repeatedly.  His mannerisms and quirks quickly become annoying.
Fashion as Communication!
This professor is extremely rude and arrogant! Though he emails back promptly, he is very rude in wording and makes you feel incredibly stupid. comment before mine summed it up: he is sooo arrogant and the class is easy if you are able to bear him talking about how &quot;screwed up&quot; his life is. Prep yourself for a debbie downer of a teacher.
Durbin is hands down the most arrogant professor you will ever have. You will get an A if you memorize his life stories, eating habits, and collection of Kenneth Cole button downs. He is also extremely ADD. He cannot be silent for more than 2 seconds and then if he cant hear his own voice then he must make impromptu noises to fill the silence.
Great professor, he makes a boring class much more bearable. You don't have to do the readings, just attend class and memorize the reader for the exams. Definitely a nice guy.
Durbin is awesome. If you just pay attention in class and study what he tells you to study, you will get an A. He's really on the students side and he WANTS you to do well in his class. great professor, great class.
Durbin is an awful teacher and I did not enjoy his class at all. The only thing worse than the readings is listening to him boast about himself the entire class.
Keeps you awake plus he's easy on the eyes.
Professor Durbin is the man!  I think it is because he went to USC for college so he is one of us.  You will love him.
for sure a boring class, durbin makes it interesting, its a GE so everyone has to take it and better with him than anyone else
No Comments
No Comments
durbin is a great teacher, the person w/ the negative was probably a dumbass whose parents donate, we all know money talks at SC
Take him during the summer!  he's super chill.
No Comments
Pay attention and take good notes. Go to office hours. He is helpful and a long-time professor!
No Comments
No Comments
Despite the boring material, DURBIN is very clear, very understandable and even manages to keep you awake!
Dr. Durbin makes this class fun and interesting with his humor and style of teaching.
802845	Christopher	Bresnahan	44
Chris a great TA; he has some good stories and makes things as interesting as he can! The class is lacking, though. Very broad and just a BS class. Study video lectures and lecture slides only for the test and you will be fine.
Chris is an interesting teacher. However, the class is completely pointless. Group projects are a big deal and only one student can receive an A on each peer evaluation. One kid in my group told the professor that three of us didn't participate so that he would get a higher grade. Tests are graded hard and there are a lot of assignments each week. 
Most BS class at Marshall...  The way the class is structured makes it hard for you to get an A.  Only a certain amount of group members will get 55% on their peer evaluations. There are 3. Do the work and try your best in both your assignments and group projects. My group members didn't do much, but that probably helped me with peer eval. 
He is a good professor, but the class is very disorganized. The tests are pure memorization of frameworks. He was responsive and helpful.
Awesome guy overall. Really enthusiastic and knows what he is talking about. Attendance is mandatory. The tests are really tough as well. Most of the class if based on case studies which are pretty easy. Overall, good experience. 
Chris is a great teacher. He has been teaching this since some time now and he is very clear with whatever he teaches in class. He grades the assignments very easily but fairly so just put some time in each assignment.  Class over all is very easy. Just memorise all the slides.
TA for 304. Discussions are easy, had lecture every other week. Lots of group projects, and you need to buy the book. 
Been very nice so far.  Go to office hours and speak in classroom. Tests are memorize, memorize, memorize.
seriously, just memorize every slide in the exact order and you'll do fine. final was hard, talk A LOT in class for participation marks. you need a textbook for the class for assignments and homework, so get one
Participation in the ELC is necessary, HW for lec/disc are graded on effort. The midterm was pretty straightforward, so was the final. Memorize the video lectures and powerpoints from lecture, discussion, and video. It will help! dont just memorize from the video. The book is useless, dont buy. Groups are useless!! Go to his office hours, hes nice!
Chris is great! If you can, take him! If you participate, the class is very doable. He is a very fair grader and wants you to do well. Watch the video lectures and memorize all the slides and you'll get a good grade.
304 is a mandatory for business majors, and it's structured so the discussion instructors basically do everything. So, if you're having issues with your grade, GO SEE CHRIS!!! He is extremely helpful/clear and wants you to succeed. Other tips: Watch the video lectures, have him go over your study guide before tests, and participate a lot in class!
Great professor.  Manages the classroom well when we do group activities. Answers questions okay via email, but great in class.
Bresnahan is the TA for the class and thus teaches the discussion, although he never teaches anything useful or even reviews the online lectures... but he and Tolan grade similarly so dont be stressed. I surprisingly got an A in all my classes but this, so I suggest going to office hours and get him to like and help you- also for the group proj.s!
Chris is a good teacher and a nice guy.  The class has a lot of busy work but isn't particularly hard.
Chris is amazing! He has a good sense of communication and knows what his students want. Go once or twice to the office hours and you will not have a problem. He's fun but, he means business though
Nice man with a good interest in the course. Go to office hours, as he helps you understand the information if you have question.
3 exams that are progressively worth more. assignments due every other week. discussions are interesting, he's funny, know his material and wants his students to excel and learn. the exams are from online lectures and you just have to memorize the slides. overall great guy I highly recommend him.
Chris is a great, energetic and funny professor. I really enjoyed this class - his discussions are interesting and the work in the ELC is fun. The homework is easy, I got full marks on all. I only went to his discussions (I went to 1 lecture the whole semester) and I still got an A. In the exams you just need to apply a lot of terms!
Bresnahan articulates course topics in clear, concise fashion. Has students work in groups in many of the discussion sections, that and going to the ELC for simulations. Course isn't very difficult in content, but in order to get a good grade you need to demonstrate mastery. Participate a lot, as it helps your grade - to see if you deserve a 'bump'
Energetic teacher who makes the somewhat bland information come to real life with examples. Memorizing everything is how you get a good grade in this class.  The concepts are cool and I learned a lot about myself, but this class takes basic ideas and turns them into overcomplicated theories that made me furious. Average class overall
He is very kind man who helps you with questions.
This class was really difficult overall, and not that well structured. Chris helps you get through it all, even if it is a pain. He is entertaining, open to meeting and will talk you to death during office hours. Work hard and you should do well. Excellent experience with him. Meh course...
He is pretty "straight forward" and isn't that hard. Memorize every word on every slide and you'll do ok, but DON'T try to wing it. Just memorize and review the book and you should get a B or higher!
Just crushed this class. Great guy, funny. Work hard you will do fine.
Here's his test policy (which will give you an indication of tardness): if you have a test that was graded wrong (even blatantly) and you bring it to him he will regrade the entire test and check for mistakes that went in your favor or against. Sounds like someone has a problem with not being right (and logic)
class was much harder than I expected, you don't do a whole lot in terms of work and lectures don't seem too in depth but the exams are very difficult because you need to have everything memorized...and i mean everything
great guy, put in minimal work and received A-
Bresnahan is probably the best professor to take this class with. He is understanding and a nice guy. He says he grades easy, but he really doesn't, especially on exams. The class is extremely difficult unless you spend countless hours memorizing. There is almost no way people do well in this class without cheating.
Straightforward, easy to understand makes sense. Not the easiest class, but a good person to take it with.
very funny and straight to the point. Although the exams are hard, it is hard for everyone, you just gotta memorize a lot. If people don't think he is fair, you should really complain to the people who cheat on every exam in this class.
overall, i'd rate him poor. picks on favorites, is NOT AT ALL a fair marker (especially for short essays.. he claims to be a generous marker but deducted points easily & unreasonably. messed up grade calculation (needs some clarity (ex) since you got 800/1000 u r gna get a B) (he just goes, B there A there so you get a B+)
Nice and friendly guy. He provided good advice for the paper. He is a fair grader, though, and remember to participate during discussion sessions to get a good grade.
Witty man but seriously thought Mulan was completely fictional and grouped her with Buzz Lightyear. Make sure you participate, it's a big part of your grade
Interesting teacher, sharp and to the point and can be funny if he wants. He'll answer your questions well in class but does a pretty poor job when it comes to e-mail. This class is somewhat difficult to get an A in though, just study hard.
Chris is a good TA. Make sure you ask questions/participate in class, since that is a good part of your grade. He tries to be funny, which is also good since 304 is so dry.
Make sure you talk a lot in class.
Chris is an awesome TA. He is my favorite faculty member that I have encountered here at USC.  He is very funny, laid back, and I truly enjoyed going to class every week.  He will really explain difficult concepts until they are understood by everyone. I would highly suggest taking this class in the hopes that Chris will be your teaching assistant.
Decent class, great teacher.  Keeps it interesting, and is kinda funny.
pretty good overall
He tells really bizarre jokes a lot of time that you force yourself to laugh at.  Your grade is pretty much his judgment call.  A good amount is participation, and seeing as he teaches close to 500 students a semester and doesnt know anyones name, that portion is pretty arbitrary.  If you talk a lot in class, you'll probably be fine.
No Comments
I thought he was a good teacher...
No Comments
1480899	Ricardo	Alonso	44
The best dressed professor in Marshall! 
He's a really great teacher.  He diverges from the Marshall BUAD351 curriculum for a reason.  He teaches you real world knowledge that nobody else gets.  He is a great teacher and explains how to apply the concepts to the real world, rather than just letting you figure it out on your own.  His quizzes are straight forward. Would take him again!!
He was really mean. He made fun of students. He chastises you if you walk in late. If you get on his good side like some students he'll be nice to you but completely avoid if possible
There's a lot of bad reviews here, but Ricardo is great. You dont need to go to class because the quizzes are identical to the past ones, and dont buy the book. If youre lost he'll definitely help you, and he really cares for his students. I hate econ and I still got an A-. If I can get an A-, anyone can.
This class is a double edged sword. You don't have to go to class, you don't need the textbook, and ultimately you don't need to learn anything. Everything is based on the years' previous quizzes. Alonso is a nice guy who unfortunately is a terrible lecturer. He expects you to understand the material going in and doesn't test on what he says.
This was a very manageable and straight forward class. He gives you previous years quizzes, midterms, and final and tends not to deviate at all from them. Attendance is not mandatory. I went to maybe a third of the lectures and did fine after reviewing all the prior years materials.
He is rude and arrogant and constantly feels like he is challenged if you ask him a question that he cannot readily answer (which is most of the time). Explanations are often convoluted and extremely difficult to understand even with prior knowledge of economics. Quizzes and tests often have typos/have no answers/wrong answers.
Never learned anything in class. You can get by his exams by doing all problems from last year's quizzes and questions at the end of lecture notes online. Attendance is honestly really optional. I know bunch of people who still get As without even coming to class. His lectures = powerpoint. Exactly the same.
I rarely attend lectures because his lecture notes are EXTREMELY detailed and it makes going to class unnecessary, but when I do, he's quite funny. The quizzes are literally exactly like the ones he posts online, just with different numbers. Any student with ample talent who puts in a little bit of work should expect an A.
I took this class last year and it really shocked me that this man was teaching at USC. I took econ as a Junior and of my 3 years here I have never had a professor so incompetent and arrogant. He was rude and unhelpful when approached but worst of all made you feel terrible for asking for assistance in the first place. I would avoid him if you can.
He has to be one of the most arrogant professors I have ever met. He is not helpful at all. His "practice exams" are easier exams than the one he gives. He gives questions that he never went over. he spends all this time going through slides and never "example questions" during lecture. A V O I D  A T   A L L   C O S T S
At first I just thought economics was ridiculously hard because I never understood what was happening in class, and he would often make fun of students when they asked for clarification or additional examples for concepts. Ended up dropping cause I was failing and retook with Akbulut. I realized econ isnt hard, just alonso is!
Great professor if you have prior econ knowledge and prefer to skip class and cram the night before by yourself than sitting in all lecture sessions. I found it an easy A class even though I barely went to class because everything was basically the same as the exercises he gave out.And there was no homework!
DO NOT TAKE HIM! He is horrible! He throws curve balls all the time. Never goes over in class what the practice tests have. "practice tests" are MUCH easier that what he actually tests like. Some questions are copied & pasted, really didnt learn any economics, rather how to do the math. Just know that.
I went to class, but i gather that one could just read the powerpoints and do practice problems, of which they are a vast collection of. Come the tests, it becomes pretty apparent that the he copies and pastes the questions, only changing the numbers. Solid teacher
All I have to say is this class is very unpredictable - study material for weeks and still get surprised during the quizzes. Alonso does many examples, but none are representative on exams - so why take notes? Better off not going to class and read the book. Bad professor, but all 352 professors have been bad apparently. good luck with him
Quizzes and tests and easy if you attend the review sessions and practice the problems and previous tests he makes available. He can be a really cool guy outside of class but can be a little condescending in class. Isn't always available during his office hours.
He is really bad at teaching. You get confused in class on topics that could be explained way clearer. He almost is trying to make it complicated to set a curve. He should rethink the point of education.Made me hate econ, and I was actually excited about it at the beginning. DO NOT TAKE HIM! you will regret it!
He assumes that everyone knows the material. His explanations are subpar. Sarcastic and arrogant. He reviews easy material in class but puts the HARDEST material on the tests and quizzes. Rushes through everything. Didn't seem to care at all that everyone was failing.
He assumes that everyone knows the material. His explanations are subpar. He reviews easy material in class but puts the HARDEST material on the tests. Rushes through everything. Didn't seem to care that everyone was failing.
Literally, take the practice and past quizzes, midterms, and finals he posts on Blackboard a few nights before your test/quiz, and understand the concepts/math, and you will get an A.
Personally, I thought he was a good professor. He is relatively kind, he cares about the class, he likes what he teaches, and he posts past quizzes, midterms, and finals online. &lt;-- most important because if you take the past tests a few nights before and understand the concepts/math, then you should get an A.
I really did not like this class. Alonso can be funny at times, but he doesn't explain concepts and if you ask a question, he responds sarcastically. He provides a lot of practice quizzes but they don't really help because he doesn't explain anything. He makes the simplest of concepts even more confusing.
I found Professor Alonso to be very helpful. I was never available during his office hours, so I emailed him a lot and he always answered all my questions. He posts the quizzes and tests from previous years. There is really no excuse for doing very poorly in his class, although some topics are hard. but just practice. 4 quizzes, 1 midterm, 1 final
This class was not hard. All I did was study the quizzes and his powerpoints he posted online. What I did find unfair was his grading system. He didn't combine the curve for all the classes and I find that unfair because I could have gotten an A in any of his other classes because they had lower medians, instead I got a B+.
This class can be very easy if you do all the practice tests and quizzes. It is very easy to slack in his class, no hw, no attendance, no assignments. beware. Math has nothing to do with the class since its very easy, just understand the concepts and you'll be fine.
Alonso is a really nice guy. The class is hard but if you put in the effort, you shouldn't be disappointed. He is really straightforward about what will be on quizzes and exams and whatever topics he discusses in class is relevant. If you don't understand a concept, go to his office hours, he's very helpful.
Alonso is a nice guy but his class is hard. Just keep practicing old tests and quizzes he gives you. There is a curve so you're not failing unless you get a complete 0 or like 5/25 on some quizzes. Just mostly try to practice old tests he puts up, that's what helpd me do well on the midterm and final. Quizzes are hard but again, really cool guy!
Ok, this guy is confusing and was not helpful at all. He is a nice guy, but he does not explain anything at all. And dont you dare ask him for a second example or explanation because you'll get a sarcastic response. This class is hard only because he doesnt explain how to use the calc even though it is simple calc.L Let him be your 3rd option.
I don't know. He seems like a nice guy. I found this class to be hard, granted he puts up a lot of quizzes, he just doesnt really explain how to do any of it really - and thats the main problem. Grades are established through the &quot;median&quot; which I'm not sure how I am really doing for the class. I don't know, I wasn't too thrilled with this class.
Alonso seems really hard and intimidating at first but he's very knowledgeable in the subject of economics. He's more willing than other professors to help you if you are struggling. There's a curve so don't be disappointed with your quiz grades when you get them back. 4 quizzes, 1 midterm, 1 final. Gives you old quizzes/midterms to study from too.
He literally puts up all the quizzes and midterms up before you take them so if you do bad it's your own fault as the questions are almost exactly the same. He's hilarious too. He's arrogant and tries to scare people off with math, but the class isn't too hard and he's funny. He makes the topic interesting, even for people who don't like econ.
I don't understand why he is getting even close to decent reviews. He has no idea what he is talking about.  Often in class he will read a powerpoint silently before in front of everyone and then continues the lecture as if he meant to do it. You never see the material after he talks about it and then you are expected to use it as if you taught it.
When I first met him I had decent expectations but as the semester progressed things got worse and worse. He does not know how to teach. His power points are like essays rather than key points. Expects you to remember every single math problem without any practice. I have emailed him for help with no luck and is honestly completely full of himself.
He made my semester a blast.
His class is difficult at first because he introduces concepts through calculus. However, I let the CALC scare me and realized that it wasn't that hard, I just wasn't used to it. I think he is a really good professor and I learned a lot in the class. It gets a lot easier as you go. He's definitely worth taking.
You will learn how to solve problems using calculus and economic concepts. He is helpful and I thought he was great, but it can be a difficult class if you aren't used to applying logic and taking derivatives.
Difficult class. Need to know basic calculus well to get a good grade. Material taught through powerpoints. But he's funny and nice. His accent makes things tough to understand at times but he's friendly and will help you if you ask for it.
Didn't like him at all.  Tough to understand.  Powerpoints are also tough to understand, and he teaches the class primarily off this.  I used the textbook to teach it to myself, he never uses the textbook.  Quizzes seemed unnecessarily tricky, same with midterm.  Avoid him unless you go to office hours a lot and get to know him well/like econ.
Extremely difficult course.  Teaching is based all of powerpoints and tests and quizzes are unfairly difficult.
He is a nice guy who tries to make his class interesting, and it works most of the time. He is also funny in his own way. BUT! He is not very good at explaining and his slides full of errors. Students needs to do a lot of work on their own.
People who aced micro in HS expect to come to his class doing the same.But this class is very calculus/graph heavy, whereas HS micro focused more on the concepts. Though class is hard, prof is EXTREMELY helpful and a nice guy who tries to make class interesting. He will answer all your questions at office hours!
Yes, he is hard. I think it's only because of math. His undergraduate degree is engineering period. Though math for him is a piece of cake, for most of us, it is crucial... BUT he is very passionate about teaching and really want you to succeed so go to his office hour if you wanna do well.  AND be prepared for calculating all math-econ problems:)
This professor is BAD. Having aced microeconomics in high school I thought I would have aced this class. But no, he teaches everything and I mean EVERYTHING in terms of math. Almost all ideas, concepts and theories are used explaining calculus. If your math is weak or even average, do NOT take his class.
61227	Jeb	Barnes	44
GO TO OFFICE HOURS!! That's the best advice I could give. He is very specific during office hours about what he wants and expects in assignments. Going to his office hours saved my grade and made writing papers 100x easier. Reading is not always necessary as he goes over terms and theories in lecture very thoroughly and quite often. One of the best
One of the most intelligent and interesting professors at USC. This class is polisci like you have never seen it before. Make sure you understand all the jargon he makes up and uses in the class, otherwise it gets very confusing. Still, I learned so much from him. Office hours is the key to an A. Be CONCISE and CLEAR on both papers. Work for an A.
He is an amazing professor, who breaks everything down, often and consistently till its drilled in your head and you can recite it back. Sooo helpful during office hours especially for assignments, basically writes the paper for you. His courses are not easy by any means but they are definitely worth taking!!
Challenging class, but worth it. He goes relatively fast, but keeps class engaged and interested. Midterm, paper, final. Class not mandatory but you should go, discussions have attendance.
Barnes is a terrific teacher. He's so brilliant, captivating, and makes the class interesting with the use of documentary screenings and real life relevant examples. I'm a political science major and I found the class to be difficult but I learned so much it was worth it.
This is one of the best classes I've had. He's incredibly smart and an entertaining lecturer. If you're seriously interested in government, I would highly recommend you take this class. It's a tough class, but worth the effort. This class is spiritually fabulous as long as you eat your intellectual spinach and remember its like voting in chicago.
A phenomenal lecturer who uses his PowerPoints effectively. He clearly outlines expectations for both exams as well as the two papers, so much so that he even wrote the thesis for our first paper. He does assign a lot of reading, but I stopped doing it halfway through the semester and have maintained an A. Overall, he truly cares about students.
Great class if you're interested.  A good amount of reading for a GE, and most of it is pretty necessary.  Lectures are great.  Parker Hevron is a GREAT TA; when I had him, the group reviews really showed how much more on top of it he was than the other TA's.
not an easy class, even if you know political science does not guarantee you a good grade
Great professor, but the class is kind of boring. Have to stay on top of your reading especially the second part of class. Take good notes and do well on the term paper and you should be fine. I got a B+ without reading the textbook much at all actually.
This class to great for anyone with an interest in attending law school or going into politics. Barnes is a great professor with amazing TAs. This class changed that way that I think about the judiciary. It's not an easy class, however an A is attainable. While the class is boring at times, it is worth the effort.
Great professor! He has about three jokes and four stories and you hear them all after the first hour. Overall he is a really dedicated professor and he does his best to help you pass the class. He really cares about his student, so go to his office hours. Also get to know your TA because they control your grade.
This course title was misleading. The class should be called &quot;Story Time with Jeb Barnes.&quot; Also his name isn't Jeb, Jebadiah or any variation of the name. It's John Elliot Barnes... Anyway great class, get to know your TA if you want an A. Jeb has no control over your grade.
Barnes is a hell of a talker. He used to be a lawyer and it really shows. Feeds you a bunch of material, but he presents it well. Overall I wouldn't say the class is hard, but definitely not a walk in the park. Attend class, take notes, you're set.
Not nearly as serious as he appears. He tries to convey a lot and does a pretty good job. 2 papers, a midterm and a final. None of them unreasonably difficult, but the papers are a little long for a g.e. (10 pages). Most of grade depends on t.a.
Great professor, he repeats the material a lot, but it's clear. TAs are about as good as TAs can get, and grading is fast and fair. Towards the end of class, I rarely went, but still got an A-, and left with a lot of respect for the teacher. In his last lecture he gave a very good parting speech, a last note if you will, definitely worth taking.
If you have to or have a choice in taking this class, do so.  You won't regret it unless you're completely cynical.  Show up to class to understand the finer details of theories and the readings....and to take notes that will practical write the papers for you and help you study for the tests.  If you have a choice Justin Berry is a great TA!
He is extremely hot and extremely smart. I have NOTHING but good things to say about Professor Barnes. TAKE HIS CLASS! Doesn't matter which one, just do it. He's amazing.
Extremely knowledgeable in his field. The class may seem intimidating at first, but the readings are actually very interesting and there is a lot of time to catch up. Material laid out very clearly, he does a lot of review, and if you still don't understand his office hours and TA office hours are greatly helpful. Definitely recommend!
VERY funny. He likes to make lame jokes a lot in his class. The lectures are powerpoint based, so it can be boring a lot of times. But attendance in his class and visitations at office hours are key! He will explain to you on how to do the assignments. His class is tough but he is willing to guide you through it.
He is an awesome professor. I walked in wanting to become more aware about politics since I had to take a GE anyway, and walked out with the class as my favorite.
Professor Barnes was very clear and interesting, and the readings were well chosen. Class was a great experience. (Law, Politics, and Public Policy?don't remember the course number.)
Great prof. TA Dave Bridge was great. If you don't like Dave, you probably can't take constructive criticism. Bridge laid everything out perfectly and provided his students with the best possibility to succeed in the course. The lectures were sometimes dry, but the information was really useful. Good overall class
teaches from powerpoints. well-prepared and does his best to be engaging. impress him by doing the reading. your TA grades everything so is important. first paper is crucial. use office hours. and TA rudy baker was not hot.
Agree with below that the quality of the TA you end up with makes a big difference. I had Rudy Baker and he was brilliant (former lawyer). He really broke down the material and explained it in a way I could understand --- doesn't hurt that he is hot!
Barnes is okay, his cute sayings are funny the 1st day but get old really quickly.  My TA, Dave Bridge, is a joke.  He never taught us anything in discussion, brought board games, and didn't wear shoes! He's arrogant, yet has NOTHING to show fore. BEWARE! If you go and go to him for help, he's insecure and always on the defensive.
I got an A,but it was completely  my own effort.Barnes is a good teacher,but I found the TA Dave Bridge to be useless.Dave maybe a good student himself,but he lacks in his communication skills severely.Do yourself a favor: Honestly talk to the professor  once you are convinced yourself if the TA is useless,specially if its Dave Bridge.One word:Run!
Professor is really good, but TAs let him down.I agree with person below.Dave Bridge(TA) really  just talks through a hat,wonder why he was made a TA.If Dave is your TA, you are wasting your time  in that class + he acts arrogant although I don't see anything he can be even remotely proud of.
Professor is really good, but TAs let him down.I agree with person below.Dave Bridge(TA) really just talks through a hat,wonder why he was made a TA.If Dave is your TA, you are wasting your time in that class + he acts arrogant although I don't see anything he can be even remotely proud of.
The problem is that there is not much coordination between the prof. and the TAs specially Dave Bridge who incidentally has the habit of bring board games like monopoly to the class, which I felt was a waste of time since I went to class to study not play board games as the TA wanted. Dave Bridge comes to class sometimes without shoes-disrespectfu
He is a great prof. his class can be fun but hard to understand. If you do your work you can get an A
OK
Great prof. Interesting lectures.
No Comments
I can't judge Prof Barnes due to the fact he must meet the challenge of providing a coherent map to a very comprehensive subject: the role of courts in policymaking. This class is demanding. Hope you get a bright, organized TA, b/c they also hire TAs who are smart but don't teach well. Having a TA who can break it down well is the diff btwn. B & A.
he's funny. hard reading texts. a lot of law in this class
His classes are massive, so you don't usually have greaat access to him, but rather the TA's. He's a pretty cool guy though, his lecture's are very well structured and he always he tells you what specific information will be on the exams. Gives great study guides. The TA's do the grading though, so get to know what they expect more than Branes.
clear notes, gives you exactly what you need for papers and such
He has a great sense of humor!
No Comments
No Comments
Excellent lecturer, clear, organized.
No Comments
No Comments
1041016	Jessica	Parr	43
105A is a pretty typical entry-level STEM course, but Dr. Parr makes it as painless as it can possibly be. There's very little reason not to show up to lecture; she's engaging and has a fun personality. Her explanations are thorough and fairly simple, but you do need to pay attention and practice, especially if you didn't take AP chemistry. 
Standard Chemistry teacher.  She puts up all of the PowerPoints, but going to class is very helpful. She's better than the other teachers from what I've heard, and although lectures can be pretty dry, she tries to spice it up with a video once in a while. She always has office hours and is very willing to help if you need it.
Her lectures are clear and explain the material well!
I love Parr. Once you take more chem classes at USC, you'll really appreciate her. She explains concepts very well and is very helpful. You can definitely get an A in this class and 105 with her. She's also really sweet.
Such a helpful professor! Just wish she would go over harder problems in class that are the same level of difficulty as her tests!
Class is easy if you stay on top of practice problems and pay attention in lecture. Take advantage of practice exams. She sometimes does not explain concepts well so using the textbook is advised. B- is because of the ridiculously hard lab. Instead of spending 4 hours on post lab, I focused on lecture material instead and got B's on every test.
Parr sometimes struggles to get concepts across but no matter which way you spin it, the content is pretty basic.  Look at practice tests, ignore the TA's, and read the book and it won't be very difficult.
Boring lecturer but she explains things pretty well. The tests that she writes are usually way easier than the ones that the other professor writes (Bertolini), so don't rely just on the practice exams that Parr gives you.
She is a nice professor and approachable, but her class and sample examples are like adding 2+2 in comparison to the difficulty of her exams.  Her exams are also poorly proof-read, which is unprofessional.  The chemistry department as a whole at USC is very poor, so I am not sure there are better options.  Just don't rely on her practice exams!
She's a great lecturer, but her tests are horrible.
She is very clear and works a lot of examples in class. However, she is bad at responding to emails and is a dry lecturer. Her slides and practice exam seem pretty straightforward but her exams were much harder than the examples she worked in class and the practice exam. Her office hours were not that useful either (very crowded).
Dr. Parr is the best option for chemistry lecturer! She is way easier than Dr. Bertolini and she always wants to help her students. The labs are hard, but she doesn't control them and her tests are really similar to the practice tests she posts online. Also all powerpoints are posted online which is nice.
After having Bertolini for 105a, Parr is not difficult. As long as you do book problems & pay some attention in class, & SI, you should be pretty fine. She is super helpful & explains very clearly. You must put a lot of effort to do well in this class!
She posts all her pwpts online so unless you're dumb, you don't need pay attention in class. With that said, she's a decent teacher and lectures thoroughly. Her tend to be straightforward and predictable. Overall, not fantastic and not incompetent.
Very helpful professor and strong at explaining the material.  After leaving 105A, she's a breath of fresh air for sure.  Be aware that the Chem dept has a limit on the % of A's and B's so, despite any effort you or Dr. Parr makes, there's still going to be a "downward" curve.  That being said, she's fair in her presentation and testing of topics.
If you have the option to take Parr's class, then take her. She explains the concepts very clearly. Go to class, because she outlines the concepts and does multiple practice problems that resemble test problems. She doesn't mind high exam scores, so midterms are generally straightforward but the final was tricky. Also very kind and helpful.
I love Dr. Parr. She explains things so well. She really cares about her students if you make the effort to go in. I went in every Tuesday for help and ended up pulling my grades into the 90s section towards the end of the semester. Use the book, study hard and you can get an A. JUST BEAT THE CURVE AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE
Explains concepts very clearly. Tests are tricky, but if you understand the concepts and work on practice problems, you'll be fine. Lectures aren't always that interesting but they're thorough and you don't even really need to read the book.
Dr. Parr is an overall good teacher. It's important to do all the problems she assigns to prepare for exams. Exams are definitely tricky, and not like the examples she gives in class, so learn the material well. (You need to go to class every time to earn your clicker points.)
Lectures and practice problems/tests were much easier than the tests. She explains things well, though she could present more test-like problems. It's a chemistry class, nothing unusual. Tests were a pretty tricky, but it's supposed to be terribly hard, so don't cry about it
Dr. Parr explains things well and is willing to answer any questions you might have.  I took this class during the summer.  The practice problems in class and the practice exams are easier than the actual tests.  It's not an easy class, but if you have to take it, I think that Dr. Parr is a good choice for professor.
Seems nice and sweet because of her little girl voice, but can be snappy when she becomes impatient. Don't ask questions in lecture unless you want her to make a fool of you! Her practice exams don't compare to the difficulty of the real ones so false confidence kills many students. Have fun!
I loved Dr. Parr. Her slides are very clear and she is extremely approachable both after class and during office hours. She will always answer your questions clearly and make sure you understand it. Exams are much harder than the problems you do in class, but not ridiculous. If you took AP Chem in high school, you will be TOTALLY fine.
Take at your own risk.
The other reviews sound too good to be true. Take her at your own risk.
Terrible
she uses very elementary problems in lecture that dont resemble tests at all. her practice tests she posts are so easy they leave you with false hope. tests are nearly impossible with 10 pages and only 1 hour to complete. if you go to lecture and do the HW you will definitely struggle. also some of the lab TAs are useless. worst class ive ever had
Dr. Parr is a very clear lecturer. She reads off slides, but goes through problems and is very good at explaining the material. However, she goes through easier examples. The exams are very tricky. If you read the textbook along with class and DO ALL THE PROBLEMS IN THE BOOK (this is very important--you will do well on exams if u do), it's not bad
I had her for 105a and 105b. She reads pre-made slides from the book for lecture, is quick to rush out of office hours, and makes mistakes on nearly every practice exam. Also, the real exams do not accurately reflect what she attempts to teach, largely due to her being a researcher, and not a teacher. Careful reading other reviews on here, they seem pretty fake.
She seems nice but her class is terrible. What she talks about in lecture has nothing to do with the exams. She only presents easy stuff in lecture while the exams are ridiculously tricky and there's never enough time to finish. Taking this class discouraged me from further taking chemistry classes. The exams are just really unfair.
Parr is pretty easy to understand. I wouldn't say that the class is very interesting, but if you go to class and do the homework and practice exams, you should be fine. Would recommend.
If you have no prior knowledge of chemistry, this class will be extremely difficult. She is helpful when it comes to fixing your grade, but when I asked her for help with a concept, she referred me to my book. ALEKS takes up a TON of your time. Her tests were sometimes very similar to her practice tests; at other times, they were wildly different.
Parr is a great professor. She is very straightforward and her lectures are clear and concise. Attend lecture and do the homework and you're set for the tests.
A really good professor for a somewhat difficult class. She is very nice, easy to  approach, and doesn't speak in a monotone. All of her lecture material is posted online, but you should really try and make it to class.
Very friendly and approachable professor. The class is difficult, though she is very direct in her lectures about what you need to know for the exams. Her tests are sometimes easy and sometimes difficult, though the practice exams she posts are similar to what she tests students on. All in all, a great chemistry professor.
I really like her. The class is pretty hard and if you haven't taken a lot of chemistry you have your work cut out for you. She is a good professor though. She is SUPER nice and approachable. She is the kind of professor who is there for her students.
Very good teaching style, easy to understand.  Great teacher :)
she is really clear and specific about what is going to be on the test which makes her a lot easier to study for than the other CHEM 105 proffs. she also gives you bonus points for showing up to lectures which is nice
She is very deceiving because her lectures are simple but her tests are awful.  She is also very unclear about how your grades will work out.  Basically another failure USC professor.
lab and lecture never match up, it doesn't matter which professor you have. she provides lots of examples in class and extra practice problems that all really help. test average used to be significantly lower than Bau's, but it all evens out in the end. it got closer 2nd semester so maybe things have changed by now. curve works out fairly though
Most helpful professor! she will sit down with you and explain concepts until you understand them and never make you feel dumb or unworthy of her time. tests cover the same concepts in class just applied to more intricate questions, much like the HW. Not the easiest professor but you truly learn from her, which helps a lot for later sciences
Parr is a young, new teacher. She mostly recites information from the textbook. She has a fairly positive attitude, but I recommend taking general chemistry from a more experienced instructor. Also, lab and lecture usually don't match-up in meaningful ways.
No Comments
1288370	Jody	Tolan	42
Tolan is interesting.  Get on her good side and work hard, you're golden.  The lectures are useless, discussion is helpful.  Learning terms & concepts is better than memorizing.  I didn't watch the videos and barely skimmed readings, got an A because of lots of participation and paying attention.  Make sure you don't end up with lazy group attitude
She is a nice person, but not the best teacher. If you can I would recommend taking another professor. She never responds to emails, so if you have question go in and talk to her instead of emailing her.
How you do in her class is all dependent on your participation and the group you are assigned to. If Tolan remembers your face AND your name (go to office hoursspeak in class) then you'll get an A. She is an easy grader, just use a lot of vocabulary in your case studies and final. Memorize the vocab and terms and you are set in this class.
Professor Tolan is a very nice person. Her discussion and the ELC activities are really fun. The lectures are useless and long. Watch the online videos will be enough. Tests are all about memorization and memorization.
Unsure where the reviews about participation not mattering are coming from, participation is literally 30% of your grade, half of which is decided by how often you speak up in class. If you actually understand the concepts without memorizing slides, you'll be better off than just memorizing in my opinion. Loved her - funny and very clearhelpful
The class is based on pure memorization. Regardless, you're going to have to take this class if you're in Marshall. She's a very nice lady and really helps guide you through everything, but it's honestly just all memorization. Get ready to do lots of assignments and watch video lectures.
All that matters is memorizing the slides on the video lectures. She grades with a check list looking for specific words. Worst class I've ever taken... Do not recommend (but it is required so hard to get away from it). Class participation does not matter. Critical thinking does not matter. All that matters is memorizing the slides. 
Amazing teacher; there for you, provides great feedback. Participation is a sine-qua-non; a significant part of your grade. Midterm is worth 10% so you could fail it and still get an A. 
Professor Tolan is a great professor. She's clear with what she wants the students to learn for the exams (which are purely memorizing the slides and some parts of the textbook) but if you go to her office hours, she'll be a great help. Great class overall!
This class is pure memorization and the only things that are important are video lectures. Lectures had a lot of wasted time. The concepts in the class were kind of interesting. Tolan really does care about what she teaches but it is hard to feel her passion without exposure to the topic she presents
Professor was very helpful and wanted students to do well.  Attendance is necessary.  Just memorize everything for tests.
Pure memorization
She's really nice and very helpful. Everyone always gets 5s on the hw, so focus on the midterms, final, and big group project. Attendance is really important so always go to lec, discussion, and elc's (that helped my grade a lot). Basically memorize the video lectures and discussion slides to do well on exams. Lecture prof doesn't matter for grade.
She is an extremely kind professor who cares a lot about her students. Out of all the T/A's take her. She will try her best to help you. The format of 304 is a different story. The teachers are not the issue, the tests force you to memorize and scrutinize over small details. If you take 304 be prepared to memorize every powerpoint slide.
Tolan is knid and helpful, but to get full mark in the exams you need toname the concept and apply it presicely.Prepare for a lot of memorization. I got A on this course but i did spend time on it. Lecture is not important, only been there 2 times the whole semester. Be sure to remember everything in the powerpoint of video pecture
discussion TA, strongly recommended. very clear on objectives and what to know about. what she discusses in class is usually what's important and what's on the exams. very nice person, tries to stimulate class interests, fun personality, interesting activities. so much more helpful and useful than the original, boring 304 lecture class. take her!
Very nice person. Amazing at discussing material and guiding students towards preparing for the exam.  However, she is the hardest grader I have ever had. Unnecessarily cuts marks off. She looks for very specific things and if they are missing then you will probably get a C at best. My class has 4 kids fail by the 2nd mid term.
Tolan is so kind. She stayed over office hours when many students had questions about the class. The class itself consists of a lot of memorization so be prepared for that. Also, take advantage of Tolan because she is honestly there to help you.
First off, Jody is a nice person, and she means well. However, this class is more than ridiculous. The best way to be successful is to literally, and do not take this lightly, memorize every slide of every online and discussion powerpoints word for word. Do not waste your thought, effort, or time into anything else.
She's SO nice.  Really helpful and approachable. Kind and willing to help out students who are interested in learning. Choose her as the TA
She is a wonderful TA, very lively witty even for a 8am friday class. She is one of those TAs who relates to the students - always there to help and never talk down to them. Class itself is horrible, HW & case studies are easy but Exams are &quot;mind sodomizers&quot;. Must memorize 4+ chapters, 60+ ppt slides VERBATIM and still get a B. Memorize everything!
Jody's a great TA (very helpful, sweet, and accommodating), but the course is horrible in itself. They value memorization over understanding the material since that's how the midterms were. Discussion was okay, lectures and online lectures were extremely boring.
Jody is personable and helpful, but the class itself is ridiculous. Memorize as much as possible and you'll do average in the class. Very frustrating. Jody is a pretty good TA, but it's impossible to make the class tolerable.
Tolan is good. Recommend. The class is not about Tolan or your lecturer though. It is beyond their powers. It is video lectures and the textbook that shall decide your fate.
This class sucks and there is a lot of BS reading. But Jody is a good professor; the class itself just blows. You really need to be prepared to know everything on powerpoint slides.
Jody is a good person and really means well.  Does a pretty good job considering she has so many sections.  The class and labs are somewhat laid back and enjoyable....however, studying for the tests is an absolute NIGHTMARE.  Literally must memorize EVERY SINGLE THING.  You won't get the score you want unless you can recite any slide VERBATIM.
she said wts on the exam, you will never find them on your actual exam..  be sure you study every single word in your textbook before you take your exam.
Class is boring. attendance is mandatory. Take Chris. Chris is more interesting and easy-going than Jody.
She's is really the best TA and super understanding. She's sympathetic to all situations and what we go through. Tries to make the discussion more interesting since the entire class pretty much is textbook.
Extremely nice woman.  She's really helpful and approachable.  The lectures and discussions are pretty boring, but she understands that and is able to sympathize with the students.
Jody is a really nice lady who knows a lot.  The class material is extremely boring, but make an effort to get to know her and ask her to look over any study-guides you make for her input... the class is a pain, but if you memorize everything, you will be fine
She is very nice. She will help you in any possible way and if you speak up in class she will give you a good grade.
Probably one of the nicest Ta's ever... very friendly and understanding... allows to submit homework assignments late.... can visit her during office hours.. overall very nice!
Continued..15-20% that is only found in the book will be the difference maker between A's and B's. Definitions on tests will come from the book (25 MC) and 6 short answer questions for midterms (5-6 will come from online lecture), occasional discussion or book short answer.
Jody is a great TA. I recommend that you go to her office hours and ask her questions. She is not only very helpful, but participation is a large part of your grade and she is also the one that grades your tests. To get an A in the class you must take book notes and take good online notes (practically verbatim). The tests are about 80% from online 
I think Jody was a pretty good discussion leader, but I think she may be a slightly harder grader than Bresnahan. Regardless, they're pretty much the same and Jody is very knowledgeable on the subject matter and uses good examples. She really cares about her role as a teacher and works hard to teach her students.
Avoid if possible.  Not an easy TA, goes off topic. Take Bresnahan instead - clearer presenter/fair grader. He'll prepare you well for the department final.
Take the other discussion professor.  Jody is nice, but she grades harder than the other discussion prof. What is a 100 in the other class will be a 94 in hers because she cares about font size and other stupid stuff. Just take the other one. Its more fun, anyway.
Pretty helpful with hw and clarifying concepts. A fair professor. Do much of the teaching for Coombs. Approachable. Go to her for help.
Jody is very kind and helpful, she's not too hard of a grader.
She's the worst possible TA. There're only 2 TAs for this course, so take the other guy. She's quite fair with her marking though, but she gets really boring in class and talks about her son alot. Requires you to sign in every class.
She's not a real prpofessor, she's just a discussion leader, sort of like a TA. She's BORING! You wont have much of a choice, just be prepared for the fat, older woman who is really nice one-on-one, but a very boring person in front of the class. Waste of money!
1579129	Odilon	Camara	42
you are extremely lucky if you get to be in his class. cannot stress more about the importance of the practice exams. do them over and over again until you get every single question. just wished he opened more office hours because everytime they are just full packed with students, and sometimes you don't even get to ask your own individual question
Cannot stress enough how important the practice exams are. Go to class, PAY ATTENTION AND PARTICIPATE IN CLASS, do the practice tests, and make an effort to see Camara if you are having any issues. He is very clear and helpful. Highly recommend him! Hope this review ends up as a testimonial on his first day of class powerpoint hahaha
Very helpful teacher. Course material is somewhat dull, but if you do ALL the practice questions he provides, then you will be fine. Most of the questions are repeated from previous years. Strongly recommended to take from Prof. Camara.
BEST ECON PROFESSOR. BEST USC PROFESSOR. I got super lucky to take his ECON351x in my freshman year and absolutely loved him. 4 tests and 1 final, drops the lowest. He teaches you everything you need to know to do well on the test. Simple and straightforward. Wouldn't say it was EASY, but definitely FAIR. LOVED HIM!
This Professor is the Econ Wizard! Best professor hands down, multiple chances for a good grade, just be ready to do the work. Gives you ample material to prepare for all quizzes! Like i said.. Econ Wizard right here!
Professor Camara is a bro, simply put a great professor, very clear and helpful, it was a pleasure being in his class, all my friends in the class agree
Camara knows what he is talking about and is hard but an amazing professor.  I really learned econ and ENJOYED it.  His tests are always the same and once you get a hang of it, it is easy to do well on! He gives you all the material for you to ace them, just take advantage of it! No surprises! He is the best and if you work for it you will do well!
Prof. Camara is very clear in explaining everything in econ. Without a doubt best professor for 351 at USC.
I'm so thankful I was able to snag this class my first semester, as a freshman, at USC. This class not only taught me that you reap what you sow (aka study hard = good grades), but really helped me to cultivate a great work ethic. All of Camara's tests are straightforward, as well as his powerpoints, so you always know what to expect. Thanks prof!
THE BEST 351 PROFESSOR! Material can be hard, but put in time to study, and you will do well. Cares a lot about students and really wants them to learn. Lectures are interesting, and he explains concepts really well. Make sure you do ALL the past exams and optional homework. Don't need to buy book. Will teach again in Fall 2014. A MUST TAKE!
Prof. Camara is the best professor I have ever had. He somehow manages to make Econ interesting! He knows what he is talking about and uses easy to remember examples. Don't be surprised if you find yourself laughing. Futhermore, he gives you plenty past papers and tells you exactly what is required to ace his class.
Professor Camara is an AMAZING professor! He made it clear in the beginning of the semester that his class would not be easy if we didn't work hard. He was completely right, because if you put the effort to do practice tests and homework (not mandatory), you would definitely do well!
Prof. Camara is a great econ professor. He is crystal clear in what he expects but just be prepared -- His test are not easy. HOWEVER, he gives you homework packets which are EXTREMELY helpful.  Do these and you should have no problem getting a B+ or better.  Odilon is a econ wizard!
Professor Camara is great!  I struggled with Econ as I had never been exposed to it before his class.  He was always very helpful and available to meet if you had questions.  I highly recommend him.  If you put in the work (don't wait to study until last minute!!) and go to his office he will help you out. Thanks Prof. Camara! You da best :)
Mr. Camara's a dope teacher. He's a bro, he teaches well, he pushes you, and he gives lots of A's. What's not to like? I think we need to end this stigma at Marshall that the easiest teachers are best. Fight on Mr. Camara!
Amazing prof. Superb at teaching in a clear and interesting way. Extremely helpful and outlines everything with precision; do all the homework and listen to his advice and he'll reward you for your work. He really cares about his students and always tries his very best to get the best out of everyone.
Definitely the best Economics professor at USC. Extremely knowledgeable professor.
I can't say enough good things about Camara. I know he looks at these, so take it from me: this is USC's finest. He made difficult concepts seem like mere child's play. He's brilliant, clear, and helpful. GO to class, do the practice hw and exams and you WILL get an A. He made ECON fascinating, TAKE his class and apply yourself, you won't regret it
USC's finest.
Camara is truly the best Econ prof at USC. Definitely take him.
There is a reason his class fills up so fast. Enough said.
Good teacher. Will help you a lot if needed, and probably applies it to the real world with interesting examples and stories about the economy. I'm sure no other professor compares.
One of the best econ professors at USC. Very clear in his lectures, gives you plenty of resources to succeed in the class if you work hard enough. Take him
This class is too good for words. You will learn econ and get a good grade...only with Camara. Other studens in 351 don't enjoy econ as much as Camara's students. Try and be active to stay involved and this will be a breeze.
Very clear and helpful professor. As others have said, make sure to do all the homework and past quizzes and you'll be golden. He is fair, provides numerous resources, and has a pretty generous curve at the end. Overall the workload is light-medium and exams are always on material covered in class and the practice he gives us. Highly recommended.
Prof. Camara, I know you look at these so please quote me to show to your future students..."Camara is funny, great teacher, super smart, clear, and ridiculously helpful. Best econ class at USC. Format: 3 out of 4 Exams. 1 Midterm. 1 Final. 25 MC questions each. GO to class and do ALL the HW and Exams from previous years. You'll thank me later.
Very clear professor who goes over concepts thoroughly. The only reason people don't do well is if they don't study the numerous practice quizzes and tests he gives you. Great teacher!
Posts all slides online. It's basically all math and graphs. Nothing in the class comes as surprise. Study slides, previous exams, and actually do the homeworks. It's extra work than required, but he'll reward you with an A. Excellent Professor.
listen to him. he outlines what you need to do and when to do them by and when to study. that will ensure you the best grade! fav class this semester! a professor that wholeheartedly cares about students and tries his ultimate best to teach concepts. amazing and one of the most hardworking professor! Thank you Professor and I know you check this!
Camara's lectures aren't particularly interesting, and it doesn't help that he prefers to explain concepts with graphs and math. But he gives you an ample amount of material with which to prepare yourself for his quizzes and exams (all MC). If you go to class, study every past quiz/test, and complete the homework, you're almost sure to get an A.
i agree that hes an amazing lecturer! however, on behalf of everyone who hv fallen asleep in his class, make sure u get enough rest before stepping into 2 hours of boredom :| u literally need to force urself to stay awake, bcos then itll help get through ur midterm+finals, also when he assigns homework, do them asap! dont put it off! listen to him
This guy was great. His teaching style is crystal clear, but he expects you to do all math work on your own. The "quizzes" (really exams) make you apply your knowledge and not just recite stuff back to him. Getting an A in this class is hard work, but seeing the improvement by the end of the semester and knowing that you earned your A feels great.
Good professor. Attendance is not mandatory. He is very organized, so if you missed classes, you do not have to worry, just review the slides and do the homework and you will be fine. Four quiz and one midterm, one final. Lots of exams, so you do not have too much material to study till the final. Recommend taking him!!
Take this teacher if you have a good understanding of math and econ. Study the slides and do the 4 homework assignments. VERY MATH HEAVY
Textbook Professor
Love him. I even start to miss his accent now. To be honest, the first two classes I totally fell asleep in his kinda robotic tone and pace. But once you get used to it, you'll get his humor and be aware of what he repeats, 95% of them will appear in the exams. 1 midterm, 1 final, and you can drop 1 out of the 4 quizes. He only teaches in Spring.
Very clear, and thorough professor. His lectures aren't the most exciting to go to, but he repeats concepts over and over again so that you truly understand it. If you study his previous tests (which he gives out online) and do the homework, you'll be fine for the exams. If you work decently hard, you'll get an A.
Great professor, tough material. Go to class and office hours and you'll be fine. I probably studied the most for this class during this semester but I came out of it really interested in Economics.
Lectures are boring, but clear. Straightforward teaching method. Exams are almost purely all quantitative, but pretty easy.
Very helpful teacher, especially if you go to his office hours, and he is very clear about everything. My advice would be go to class and PAY ATTENTION! It will save you hours later and if you take notes, you will receive a good grade even though material is tough and dense. You'll get what you put in. Put in a lot of effort and you'll get an A.
Great professor!About half the class got at least an A- or better.All exams are 90% multiple choice and he gives us plenty of practice exams that are similar to the real exams. Lots of quizzes though, so you have to be consistent in attendance,Class is tough though, but very manageable if you attend lectures and participate. Best econ teacher I had
The lectures were clear, but it felt like he took joy out of students? pain. I'm perfectly ok w/ a class being challenging, but he's a looney.When the whole class did well on a difficult exam then he made the other ones even more ridiculous; this happened more once the evaluations were turned in. I felt brain dead at the end semester..not worth it!
922811	Florence	Lin	42
How can USC allow her to teach. She makes an easy class like calculus so difficult. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS. My GPA got messed up because of her class. Other math classes are easier, avoid this monster.
extremely boring lecturer, i fell asleep in her class a couple of times! i suggest finding another prof if u can! although, i must say that shes rlly smart! and shes friendly + shes helpful /at times/
Oh God. I've always liked calculus, and then I met Professor Lin. What do I even want to say&#63; Avoid this class at all costs, if you wish to preserve your GPA and your dignity. Good luck. Find someone else. She is however, one of the greatest mathematic minds I've ever seen. Just a difficult teacher.
Horrible teacher, don't take her. The material isn't horrible, but if you've never taken Calc before you are screwed unless you want to self study it all.
DO NOT TAKE. She is awful and I have never done so bad in a class in my life :(
do NOT take classes from her..just got out of her first midterm and it wasn't anything like what we did in class..keep your distance!
This  professor is freaking difficult to keep up with! Unless you have like incredibly excellent listening skills drop or do not add at all.
If you want to commit suicide then take her class. Otherwise avoid this sad excuse for a professor at all costs
Don't take this class. It's a joke, she's a joke, and Mathematica (which she assigns) is a joke. Seriously, take the other professor. I took Calc in HS so I fared better than other students but if you've never taken Calc, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. You'll be miserable.
Meh. She's all over the place, sometimes we're going too fast, sometimes too slow. I feel like I've gotten an at least decent grasp of calculus, but I definitely haven't enjoyed doing so. She makes you do Mathematica, which is a total headache and hasn't achieved anything except pissed students off
take calc with anyone but prof lin. your experience will be much better.
Do you want to feel like you're never good enough&#63; Do you want to endure inecessant assignments that keep you up all night and cause you to question whether life is really worth it&#63; Do you want your guts ripped out of you, stomped on, and then thrown in the trash&#63; Well then, you have found the ideal teacher, my friend. I am NOT bitter. I got a B+.
She was not very helpful but I thought her class was not too difficult. I can see why people have a hard time because she makes you do pointless things throughout the semester such ad graded blogs and presentations that she stresses yet aren't graded too harshly. If you didn't take calc in hs it may be difficult cause she doesnt teach well
She's awful.
This lady effing sucks.  She is a horrible professor and her quizzes and midterms are ridiculous.  She is not helpful and can't teach.  If you didn't take calc in hs may god help you.  Even if you did you will need all the help you can get so says the kids that took the class and too hate her with a passion.
She has her own way to push students to study. Here are 2 reasons that you should take her class. 1. Her midterms and quizzes are hard so you can better prepare for the common final. 2.It is not a hugh deal if you screw up the midterms because everyone screws up and it is curved. But if you screw up in easy profs' class, you will get a lower grade
Coudlnt agree more with the comment below.
She's bitter that she isn't teaching at Harvard and she's taking it out on the world.
Not an easy prof. Very knowlegeable and pretty nice but not too good in teaching/helping students. Easy A if you're interested in math and pretty good in it. If you understand the stuff, you don't have to go to class. Do as quick as you can in midterms and do past papers.
I couldnt understand how she still teaches at SC. When i went to her for help she was not helpful at all, she brushed me off and was more concerned at the male student waiting to talk to her. In class I couldnt stop staring at her huge teeth and glasses she looks like gretchen from Recess. I wouldnt recommend her even to the smartest student
Arrives 10 min late to every class
I really liked her. She made you work hard for the grade but she's super smart and knowledgeable. I always finished her midterms on time, although I could see how some people who say there was not much time.
It does not matter if you manage to do superb on the common final since other classes will have equal knowledge by then. Lin challenges you for the first three quarters and then teaches you nothing for the end. DO NOT TAKE HER, you won't have enough time on midterms and your grade WILL suffer. She is better off teaching at Cal where she came from.
Tough professor. You will be challenged and stressed about getting a good grade. However she prepares you for the common final at the end of the semester and you learn a lot especially if you are going to take BUAD 310 in the future. She doesnt give enough time for her midterms you have to race to finish in time. Good Luck.
She was good in explaining the problems and examples by hand, but more emphasis should have been placed on teaching how to successfully complete the MATLAB assignments, as she mainly went over the pseudocode and left you a little shaky on the MATLAB code.
She is the worst teacher I have ever had by far!  She was hard to understand, unbelievably boring, and impossible to talk to.  If you get her as your Math 218 teacher Get Out right away!  You will not do well.  I have never got less than an A in a math class until her course and I got a C!  She is the worst!
She scared me. Her smiles can be very intimidating. Due to bureaucratic reasons, this course was outsourced to the Math department even though it's solely in the Marshall curriculum. Non-Marshall professors, especially in fields dealing with numbers and sciences tend to lack communication skills. This is not representative of an average BUAD class.
This has to be the hardest professor ever at USC. HOw does she expect you to finish 7 pages in 50 minutes when in-class quizzes are usually only 1 page and we get 25 minutes&#63;&#63;SERIOUSLY&#63;&#63;
SHE IS THE WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD, I AM COMPLETELY SERIOUS....DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER, EVEN IF YOU THINK YOU ARE GOOD AT MATH, YOU WILL NOT DO WELL.....TRUST ME...
The worst teacher to take for this class. Try to avoid this teacher at all coasts.
She gives you a ridiculously short amount of time for quizzes and midterms and could not for the sake of her life stop talking to let students concentrate. She's a picky grader and will mark you off for slight mistakes. Just get a nice TA they grade easier. If you want to do well you can't slack off on the quizzes. They count in the end
i liked her
Do not take her!!! some say that she prepares you best for the common final. this is not true, and even if it was true, what's the point&#63; by the time you reach the final your grade is lower than the grade you could have in a different professor's class. And trust me the final won't bring up our grade.
just plain awful.  Really doesn't care about students.  Hard grader.
Worst professor ever. Doesn't care if you understand. No prac probs. Rambles about nothing when you ask a question and doesn't answer it. Doesn't know how to teach..it's like she's reading the book. Her quizzes are rediculously difficult and tricky. Her tests are easy but she writes an 80 minute test and expects you to complete it in under 50mins.
Take my word: DO Not take her class if u have other options to choose from. She is completly unhelpful and merciless - and the Quizess/Exams are extremely tough.
My class called her the devil.  She is brilliant but she doesn't know how to teach business students.  She prepares you the best for the final but her midterms are crazy hard.  It is really hard to get an A in her class and you have to go to all of the SI's and have an amazing TA to even try and understand the material.  Take her at your own risk.
Please do not ever take her class.If you want to be stressed out then take her.She does not care if you learn or not .She can not explain concepts properly and gives quises that have tricky questions,and gives a short period to do them.
the most socially awkward professor I have ever had. don't ask her a question because it will ramble on forever. the class is hard but is manageable if you are really self-disciplined
No Comments
No Comments
Professor Lin really tries to teach and make sure you do well in the class, although sometimes she is confusing when she teaches. Her tests are pretty hard and she doesn't give enough time. Although it prepares you well for the final. Out of all the 218 teachers she tries the hardest and prepares you the best. But the class is still pretty hard.
941684	Nathaniel	Emerson	42
Most condescending professor I've ever taken. Assigns a lot of homework that is due weekly but is way harder than anything he goes over in class. Only bright side is that the curve is kinda generous because everyone is failing. Avoid if you don't like being talked down to like you're an idiot
He's not the easiest professor, but he's an organized, clear lecturer  made math bearable, which is good bc he takes attendance. I also found that a lot of the midterm questions were actually problems he did in the notes from class. Assigns a lot of homework & expects a lot, but you'll really learn calculus. Gives a generous curve at the end.
Teaches the most simple material in lecture, assigns hours and hours worth of homework of which the majority is of a difficulty level not even remotely close to what he reviewed in class. No point in even trying to do all of the homework without external help or else you are in for a long week. Most condescending professor I have encountered. 
He does not teach most of the material in the homework questions. The textbook questions were much harder than the "baby" questions he does in class.
He tends to make you feel foolish if you don't know what he expects you to know, but over all, he is clear and helpful. Homework is a lot but really prepared me for the exams
Positives: He is a great teacher and really knows his material.  He is great at explaining but makes frequent minor errors in his lectures. He's interesting and I definitely stayed awake. Really prepares you for the all MATH 126 final. Downside: Class itself was super hard and almost impossible to get an A. QuizHW graded 2 hard and way 2 much hw
He explains quite well but when you're stuck on a problem, makes you spend time and figure it out. Homework load is on the higher side, but prepares you well for exams.
Emerson was hard. Very hard. He was a good professor, good at teaching the material- to a point, he tends to bog down in proofs and get into unneeded, complicating detail- but often times his lectures would not translate to the quizzes. His quizzes were painful, to be honest. His handouts help, but go to every class if you want to make an ok grade.
He is SOO hard. Don't take his class. He teaches alright but the exams are longer than they should be and really hard. Take this if you want to screw over your GPA.
Emerson's handouts are useful. However he teaches in a rather condescending manner and the classroom environment isn't too comfortable. Homeworks are extremely long and tiresome. Curve is not generous at all.
Avoid Professor Emerson at all costs. He teaches alright, but always has a very condescending attitude towards students even with legitimate questions. He gives unnecessary amounts of homework that will take up all of your time. Final was very hard as well. Worst decision to take his class.
such a hard grader, and he does give out worksheets, but meh. not THAT useful considering his tests were way harder. Also takes attendance. every single day. especially on fridays
Professor Emerson is condescending -- don't bother answering his questions in class; if you're even partially wrong, he'll find a way to make you feel bad about yourself. His homework assignments are outrageously long -  tons of tedious problems, even the TA was shocked. Highly recommend avoiding him for 226.
Good teacher. His worksheets were my best friend. Take him if you can.
He is not a bad math teacher, while not a good one. His homework is always much more than other professors', and we had to spend a long time on it, though we don't have to know about those complex questions. Also, he'd like to teach fast -- our progress is always half or one chapters ahead of other professors'.
Prof Emerson is a rude, pompous, absolute jerk of a human being.  He spends most of class trying to belittle students rather than teaching and could not be less helpful.  He goes to great lengths to make any and every student feel entirely inferior and will tell you to go back to 8th grade if you can't answer a question. An AWFUL teacher and human.
His class is hard, but if you do what he tells you to do then you will undoubtedly leave with an A and a depth of understanding of the material. Absolutely the best math professor I've had at USC.
Worksheets that will save your life. Unknowingly makes a lot of opportunities for "that's what she said" jokes. Amazing professor. Had him twice so far, probably will take 225 and 450 with him as well. Grade completely depends on your involvement in learning, he facilitates absolutely everything.
Professor Emerson legitimately cares about his students' success. He is honest about the difficulty of homework and is clear with his expectations. By far one of the best math professors at USC. He actually made the history of math interesting!
Prof. Emerson is one of the best math professors at USC.  He gives a handout at the beginning of class to take notes on, which helps keep notes organized.  He's very dedicated to teaching and very good at it.  If you just do the homework and pay attention, which is what you should expect out of any math class, an A or A- is easy.
Pretty nice professor...difficult class though. His handouts are nice, and he's really nice to talk to during office hours. Make sure you don't use your cellphone during class. Also go to class on days it says "Ch__ Review" because he takes attendance on those days (its usually on Fridays, but not always)
His worksheets are great!
Amazing teacher, will try to get him in future classes. He is really nice to students.
I hate calculus with a passion, but Emerson did a pretty good job. His handouts are really helpful and he is pretty clear in lectures. He takes attendance every Friday by breaking the class into groups to work on problem sheets. Unfortunately, my TA was a foreign exchange student who had difficulty communicating and explaining difficulty concepts.
He is a great professor. Not very hard and he gives handouts at every class. Easy to take notes. He also uses colored chalk which is fun. I highly recommend him
He is pretty clear and his handouts help a lot. Quizzes are fairly easy, though tests are tricky, but you are allowed one page of notes so that helps. Overall, he makes a hard subject more bearable.
The best Math 218 teacher due to his handouts that he passes out in every class.  Awesome teacher.  Dont use a cell phone he will call you out on it.
Good teacher. Handouts at every class. Understandable. Don't use your cell phone in class. He will call you out about it, every time.
awesome! uses colored chalk to great effect. gives notes. easy!
great professor, very clear and to the point. just go to lectures and you will do fine on his tests
If you think you'll learn calculus easily anywhere, go there. Otherwise, Emerson will do fine. He gives handouts daily which are a LIFESAVER. He goes fast, but just keep writing what he says down and ask the TA's for help if you need it. Calc is hard and TA's and Emerson want you to succeed. Emerson's VERY clear and that's what counts.
Emerson wears the same earings all the time. He thinks he is a badass in his skinny jeans but giggles nervously and says pedantic far too often. Pluses: Uses colored chalk and is a descendant of Otto Menke
Not great but not terrible. He goes way too fast but that's not really his fault because there's a lot of material to cover. Assumes students have all already taken calc. Doesn't like answering questions in class but stays behind for a bit after class. Midterms and Final exam are hard but curved. Doesn't take attendance. Doesn't take in homework.
Very nice teacher, easy to talk with. He sometimes tends to ramble during class, though he goes to the trouble of printing out notes for students to follow along with. He cracks occasional jokes, and is often jovial and energetic. It is easy to see that he has great passion for teaching and calculus.
Probably one of the better calc teachers. Nice and funny guy. Keeps class somewhat entertaining. Two midterms are ridiculous but they are curved. Made the common final very easy for our class though. Tough to come across a math teacher. He is good enough.
Here's the thing if you're taking a low level math class, you shouldn't take him, but if you're in a 400 level math class you should def take him. He gives out handouts of the lectures and he gives out practice test before the exam. His tests are fair. Not too hard not too easy. he doesn't have that much personality but overall helpful.
if you don't know some calc before this class, its hard. He assumes you know a lot of it already so you get lost in lecture after the first 5 or 10 mins. He makes a lot of mistakes and doesn't really teach exactly to the textbook. He gives you old exams to study from as well as practice questions before the midterms but the real thing is WAY harder
dude.. he's soooo boring. so boring that even if he knows his stuff.. he can't really get it across to you. there was always like 6 people in lecture. it was bad. i would never take him again.
fabulous--they should really give this guy tenure.
Good teacher.
very confusing although alot of it i think was because students weren't patient enough with him.  knows the material very well
Although he pretends to know what he is talking about, he makes frequent mistakes that confuse the class. Throughout the semester i believe that it is safe to say that a good portion of his students have lost respect for him as a professor. I learned more in one SI session than in the whole semester. The conepts are not difficult when taught correc
1369508	Stacy	Geck	41
She cares a great deal.  Sometimes too much to make tough decisions.
Professor G, is the best professor I've ever had.  You should plan your schedule around her class because this is that one professor everyone talks about that makes you regret choosing someone else.  Professor Geck is so easy to talk to comfortably that I could address her as Professor G and she'll respond in the same friendly manner. 
Horrible professor , but good actress, she keeps acting like that she is a nice person, in fact she is really mean! Stay away from her. Everyone keeps saying she is really nice, because she is really good at acting.
Geck is a very nice and warm professor who will help you out. Getting an A is nearly impossible because of how she grades and the Marshall curve. Lots of presentations, most of the grade is dependent on how you present with your group and only one midterm. The whole class is graded very hard and thus almost everyone ends up with a B.
Stacy is hands down one of the best professors I've had at Marshall. However, it is best to be weary even if she loves you she won't hesitate to fail you. She is so inspirational, but sets the bar so high. Though there was so much work involved, I don't regret taking this class at all. 
She is seriously AWESOME! she cares so much about her students and is always will be there for you. I recommend wholeheartedly that you take her class. She is one of those professors you will always want in your life. You also learn a lot. I am currently in her class and love her and the class!
Truly cares about her students.  To those of you whining about her class being hard, wait until you get to the real world.  You're better off with a hard grader who pushes you to learn than an easy A.
By far my favorite prof at USC. I heard students describe other 302s & how they hated them, due to the content that was covered. Stacy teaches material not included in other sessions which was helpful in both personal/professional life. This class has been such a personal growing experience for me, I wish I could learn more from her. sad it's over!
Most inconsistent professor I've ever had. Do NOT take this class. If you're already familiar with the recruitment process, her class is redundant. If you already took marketing, her class is redundant. Professors should be there to help students, but Stacy only abides by favoritism. Do yourself and favor and find another professor.
Final is worth a third of your grade which allows Stacy to basically pick what grade she wants students to have. She is very strong willed and loves to brag about herself. However the class does encourage students to form bonds with their classmates
While I don't necessarily understand (or subscribe to) the "guru-istic" aura surrounding her, Professor Geck has a lot to offer her students—interestingly blurring the lines in her classroom between academics and (secular) spirituality.  I think, however, given her uniquely inspirational energy, she would be more effective in an advising capacity.
A life changing class.
Stacy is simply phenomenal! Her class is clearly organized in a way that allows you to significantly improve your presentation skills. She is very energetic and has a great sense of humor. Also, you get to know everyone in class, which makes it even more exciting to go to class. Make sure you get to know her, she is an amazing. Take her class.
Tough Grader but students can actually learn stuff from her class.
A great teacher! She knows how to teach and you will learn not only class materials but also life lesson! Take this class you will enjoy it!
AMAZING PROFESSOR! She actually cares about all of her students which is truly amazing.  She is a really tough grader however.
Overall, great professor! Although she is a tough grader and makes you work hard for your grade, by the end of the semester, you will be happy not only with your grade, but with what you have learned from the course!
Stacy is one of the best professors i have had! Her class is actually fun to go too even though you have a lot of work and quizzes almost every class. Besides that, i learned a lot and she really helped in recruiting and anything else i needed advice in. Take stacy, she's awesome
Grading too hard! Otherwise great class.
If you value your quality of education, by all means take this class. If you value your grade, take this course from other professors. You have been warned.
Amazing!
LOVED this class- so different from all other BUAD classes. You really get to know everyone in the class and Stacy helps you build your speaking skills and gives you the tools to be successful in the business world. She is always willing to help too. Do the readings & be prepared-there are quizzes! Attendance is mandatory but you'll want to go!
Good professor and useful class but grading is way too subjective. Students whom she likes will get an A even with average performance. The rest will get B's no matter what. Take this class if you want to learn, but not if you're looking for a fair grader.
Hands down the best professor I have ever had at USC. She makes class very interesting and you WILL learn a lot of useful skills from this class. Very helpful and genuinely interested in the class. That being said, this class is VERY HARD in terms of workload and grading.
If you want to be prepared for the real world, Geck is by far the best teacher to have as a Business Comm teacher. After taking this class giving presentations will be a piece of cake. She is the most helpful prof I have ever had. I feel this class should be a mandatory class for all college students and Geck would be the best teacher to take.
Based on Geck, I got the job of my dreams. She prepped me right.  Take her class if you want to leave USC with a good job and strong com skills.
You will hate your life!  Something new everyday, never ending workload.  If you like to be called on randomly (and often) this is the class for you- not for me.  Im sure you will learn plenty in this setting if you can put up with it for a semester.  More memorization of the book than any undergrad class ive ever taken.
Stacy is a great teacher. The class was very difficult, but one of the more important classes I've taken at USC.  The speaking ability of every student went up tenfold by the end of the class.  The downside is it's very difficult to achieve a grade higher than a B in the class.  However, taking the class is still entirely worth it
Now that the semester is over, I can say it: THIS CLASS IS F-ING HARD. But I already used what I have learned here in a job interview, and oh my, does IT PAY OFF!!!  Probably the most important class I took at USC. Stacy is IMHO hands down the best teacher here. Stacy, if you're reading this, thanks for a great class.
Stacy is rad, but difficult class. Hardest 304 professor. You do over 2x as much work than other 304 classes. Everyone just kind of winds up with a B. Everyone on here says you learn so much in her class but honestly if you take 304 & 307 there's a ton of overlap. If you wind up with her atleast know she is fun and cool but lots of work.
Stacy is seriously the best. If you follow her instructions and call her/go to her office hours and check with her about your assignments, you'll get a good grade. She's not vindictive or mean. She's really nice. And funny. I was pretty excited to go to class everyday. She loves her students and loves her job. Take her! You'll learn a lot.
Stacy is the BEST!!!!!!!!!!
AAAAAWESOME!!!! By far the best professor at Marshall. At times she's hard, but she's always fair. In no other class at USC have I learned as much really useful information as in BUAD 302 with Geck.
Stacy is the best professor I've had in 3 years at USC. She gives clear instructions, and if you follow those, it's not that hard to earn a good grade. She has a fun personality and is always accessible for questions. She even gave us her cell phone number so we could call her with questions any time.
Amazing!  Hard but well worth it.
I'm going to have nightmares of BUAD302 for some time thanks to her. I've never felt so helpless about my grade in my life. She is unreasonable and subjective when it comes down to assigning grades.
In short, stay away from this teacher at all costs. She grades very hard, and assigns poorly written books that you have to rote memorize. At the end of every class there is a pop quiz where students are selected randomly to regurgitate material from the reading, if they don't, they fail it. She is vindictive and self-righteous, a disastrous combo.
hardest and msot useless business class i have ever taken
She's not nearly as good as people say she is. If I could take 302 over again, I would do it with someone else. She doesn't teach you anything I would consider worthwhile, and grades subjectively so you feel helpless the whole way through. The book you read in the class, Articulate Executive, is interesting though. Her class is a waste of money imo
Geck was by far the best professor I have had at USC.  Her 302 course is harder than the other ones, but I came out of her class with a lot of valuable information
Geck was fantastic in terms of learning real world things. Yes, the class is hard. Yes, she grades hard. But If you would rather actually learn something useful take her class. If you just want an A, take another teacher.
1223685	Jacob	Ross	41
I love Phil but for some reason this teacher made a simple concept 10X harder to understand which was so discouraging. I left so many times during class due to this frustration or just didn't go all together. Because his lecture is impromptu its hard to follow him. Luckily i had a great TA which broke it down to me. But he takes criticism well.
Jake and my TA were all but unavailable out of class.  Lectures are stream-of-consciousness nonsense where you are expected to pick out the important information.  There is no reading or textbook, but also no class structure.  Two papers, weekly write-ups, a midterm, and a final.  Would not recommend overall, especially if you're new to philosophy.
People are giving a lot of opinions about Jake, but let me give you a fact: he is one of the best professors at USC, relative to what he's teaching. The guy lives and breathes philosophy and if you start to understand him and what the class is all about, you will see what I'm talking about. Most thought provoking teacher I've ever had.
Overall, a decent thought-provoking class and Ross is clearly passionate about the subject and cares for students. Grading was kind of harsh for a lower division GE class and based on TA. Not sure about the curve but possibility of a negative curve so definitely not an easy GE. Lectures could get messy and unclear.
You either love him or you hate him. I've now taken two of his classes and the first was the reason I chose to add a philosophy minor. He is incredibly smart, but this does seem to bring about an arrogance, though I still appreciate it. He explains things very well and you will leave this class feeling like you actually have expanded your intellect
He is quite possibly one of the easiest professors to immitate of all time. For example he wears the same outfit every day, a black shirt and khaki shorts, shave his head every week and paces across the room while he lectures as if hes either speaking to the class or himself, idk. hes actually fairly nice but rely on the tas for assistance
Jake is the first and probably last professor I'll ever rate on here. I feel like this page doesn't appropriately indicate what a great professor he is. His lectures are extremely entertaining, the content of the course is relevant, and the work load is very reasonable. If you have an interest in philosophy, this is a great first class to take.
Interesting lectures, you'll do fine if you participate in class and happen to like philosophy (which you'll probably be good at if you're good at math). Don't have to attend lecture but the lecture notes are kinda hard to follow if you weren't in class that day.
difficulty ranges based on TA.
Jake is an pretty good professor, and the subject matter is interesting. Not too much reading, but by the end of the semester the class does start to get boring/monotonous. Lectures are not totally mandatory (he does have occasional quizzes, though) because TAs type notes the whole time. It is an easy class overall, and I would recommend it.
Jake is very opinionated and he really does speak his mind (with exceptions his PERSONAL opinions) but his lectures sometimes get hard to follow. If you lose him at one point, it's hard to catch up! His quizzes are very easy and simple and his tests should be a piece of cake IF you pay attention in his lectures and review the notes afterwards
Jake is a great professor! He is very interested in what he's teaching, and is obviously a very smart guy. If you pay attention in lecture, the midterm and final are not hard. Weekly readings are short (around 5 - 10 pages of reading a week). A very interesting class if you're at all interested in philosophy, logic, or social issues.
Terrible class. Professor wings every single lecture and has TAs type whatever comes out of his mouth onto a projected Word Document. He rambles to no end and refuses to see anyone's argument but his own. I expected an interesting semester with this class and was sorely disappointed. Sincerely dread attending MWF classes.
Though its a weird class, it will make your GE experience interesting. Weekly readings that don't often take long, and papers are very straightforward. Killer midterm though. I recommend him for people that have a slight interest in philosophy and an open mind.
Jake is an awesome professor, and awesome guy too. He is always willing to clarify his points, and often tries to get the class to participate. The topics got more and more difficult, but I still found them palatable. Also, the TAs are awesome philosophical resources.
Jake was great. He's good at holding students' interests. He understands his students, and can indulge their arguments, and Jake writes beautiful e-bear poetry.
Honestly, Jake could have made the class much easier to follow. Instead of making slideshows, he had his TAs type up his random streams of thought. The notes are almost impossible to follow. Also, Jake and the TAs are not on the same page. Your grade is completely subject to your particular TA.
Interesting subject matter, however, he made it hard to follow. Came up with his own structure of arguments instead of using historical examples. Did not really explain all that well. Grading scheme was not the best.
Great professor for a challenging class. He is an excellent lecturer, and is hilarious too. Philosophy classes aren't for the faint of heart, but he makes them both entertaining and fun to get into. People who complain about him or the field just tend to have underestimated the challenge of philosophy.
Phil 140g was not an easy class. Good amount of reading each week and outlines that have to be done. Just a lot of concepts to know and memorize and the exams were not that easy. Unless you are very interested in philosophy, this class may be more difficult for you. I found it hard to pay attention during lecture.
Jake Ross is the bomb! He's very entertaining, brilliant, and tries to make the material relatable for people our age. The readings aren't too much and the topics are all extremely relevant. His philosophical analogies are always creative and funny and you don't have to take any notes because the TAs type up transcripts and post them online.
The class has hardly any structure and due dates tend to get moved around a lot. They took simple concepts and made them convoluted, then graded very hard. Essays were difficult to write because the prompts were either too specific or too broad. I wouldn't take this class again
Ross is a really interesting professor. Phil 285 is definitely not easy, but the lectures are really entertaining and it ended up being one of my favorite GEs. If you want a a challenging, but interesting GE then it is a must.
ONLY TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOURE INTERESTED IN PHILOSOPHY. Note that it is different from moral philosophy, you engage in discussions on knowledge/time/god's existence. Don't have to regularly attend class as class notes are put online. Some concepts are difficult to grasp. Exams are based on a curve. I wouldn't personally take it again
Really quite boring and he teaches things that are quite obvious. Goes on about rather minute ideas and gets sidetracked. Not a very interesting lecture, but discussions are good. and the class title is not accurate to what is actually taught.
Professor Ross is more than clearly knowledgable about each and every topic he brings up. He makes the class fun and interesting.I enjoyed every minute of class from the very moment I walk in. He gives plenty of time to write essays. I would truly recommend this teacher if your interested in philosophy.
He wasn't really respectful toward each student, which I thought was uncool. I did just fine in the class, but found listening to Ross slightly annoying. He can be interesting sometimes.
Professor Ross is more than clearly knowledgable about each and every topic he brings up, he begins each class by utalizing several different aspect of the topics. He may go off topic now and again but only to solidify a point. I enjoy every minute of class from the very moment I walk in. I would most definatly recommend this professor.
Not everyone likes the Jacob Ross show. He'll take you to a lot of interesting places that may not be relevant for his exams. Very interested in philosophy, but also very distant from students, and almost intentionally so from any value judgement.
He's really funny, as long as you aren't offended by profanity. The material is hard to understand but it's the nature of the course, not his teaching, and the TAs are helpful. He also gives a lot of time for the papers which is nice. I would recommend this class.
He is clearly very passionate and knowledgeable about the subject matter. However, this is a very hard class as he uses exceedingly unrealistic examples and jumps around throughout lecture making this class difficult. The midterm was really hard and there was barely enough time to finish it let alone answer well. Not a good class.
A genuinely great professor. Engaging, animated and interesting, Jake is one of the best professor's I?ve had. Admittedly, his lectures are somewhat difficult at times, but with a moderate level of attention and general intelligence you will be fine. There are no textbooks and all notes are posted online. Overall, great class, great prof
Jake is far from an easy professor, but he is engaging and truly passionate about what he teaches. If you don't get the readings he's happy to help you in office hours, or if you just want to chat. You have to pay constant attention during the lectures, but they ended up sending out the lecture notes by email which makes listening easy. Love him.
Passionate and very knowledgeable about what he's teaching but to a point where it bores him so he feels the need to make silly but complex examples using aliens and incomprehensible scenarios that leaves whoever is still paying attention in lecture inevitably confused. The TA's luckily are great and discussion is the only place you can learn
This guy is really funny and passionate about philosophy but at the same time one of the most difficult people to follow in lecture.  I want to learn this stuff but I get discouraged after going to lecture.  The readings are really dense so I do recommend this class, but at your own risk.
Jake Ross is the most awesome professor you'll ever have.  He teaches some of the most mind-bending philosphy.  Put just a little effort into the class, and you'll love it.  The readings can be a little hard to read, but he's always available if you need help.  And go to class; he's hilarious.
His lectures are almost incomprehensible and the final was so difficult on many of the reading that were just incomprehensible. This class made me hate philosophy. I'm a good student, but he was so disorganized and so much of what he said went straight over my head. worse class i took at usc
This class is pretty hard and the reading can be incredibly confusing at times but Jake is hilarious, always encourages class participation, and the course material is rarely boring. Also, you don't really have to fully read the handouts. Look summaries up online. Overall, if you're prepared for a challenging class, I would HIGHLY recommend it.
Jake's great as a human & challenging as a teacher. The good part: he is well aware of his own pros & cons & he plays to them. He knows when what he says is difficult to take in & does his best to make it not only humorous, but palatable. And while a multiverse is beyond our visual horizon & flawed humans cant know omnibenevolence, he still is cool
Two words........Dwight Schrute. Nuff said.
This class is extremely boring and almost impossible to follow. Prof. Ross does a terrible job of making coherent lectures and the TAs have to pick up the pieces. I don't ever want to take another philosophy class again after this one.
180790	Lowell	Stott	40
Midterms are very difficult because he puts in specific questions from the textbook that are not covered in lectures. Failed first midterm but managed to get an A- in the end through hardcore memorization. Overall a lot of memorization is required for this GE. Not recommended if you are not particularly interested in the subject. 
Ridiculously hard for a 100 level GE. Concepts in lecture make sense, but tests are specific &  difficult to do well on unless u memorize lots of little details.  He is available for help outside of class, does an ok job of explaining concepts. Lab can be hard, TAs are semi helpful. Def  review tests even if u did well bc the final is cumulative. 
Well, I got a A, but after 40 hours of memorization before the final exams. There are way too much content in the course, the test syllabus is too broad, but he tests you the specific details. This is kind of crazy for students who aren't willing to spend a lot of revision hours. Anyway, he is very knowledgable in climatology, good at teaching. 
He knows what he is talking about, which is usually a good thing. However, it is at a point where he possess so much knowledge about the subject and try to give you everything - there's just too much information to memorize. He will test you on details rather than overall concepts as well  hard tests. Unless a GEOL major, take a different GE
Great teacher, even though I'm not a fan of the class. 
This was terrible GE. He was not in class half the time and we had substitute professors. When the drop date for classes rolled around about 50 students were in his office asking if they should drop. Test are extremely hard and nothing like his study guides! Labs are the only thing they keep you above water.
DONT PICK THIS TEACHER! YOU WILL NEVER WANT TO COME TO CLASS. AND IF YOU DONT, YOU WILL FAIL THE CLASS. EVEN IF YOU DO ATTEND, YOU WILL LIKELY TO GET A C, IF YOU WORK HARD, YOU WILL GET A B, IF YOU STUDY EVERY THING AT HOME( SPENDING HOURS EVERY TWO DAYS) AND COME TO CLASS PREPARED FOR EVERYTHING. YOU MAY GET an A
Tests are hard, everything else is fine. He doesn't take attendance so I rarely went to class, but when I did I really hated him. My TA was cool for the lab. It's an easy B but a hard A
The class overall was not too bad, lectures were boring but short and he did not take attendance. The lab was pretty easy, the TAs are chill and actually know the material. Stott is a bit arrogant and not ever helpful. He posts his slides online but his tests do not always correlate and are very hard. The main problem is the very difficult tests.
He's not too bad. The course was pretty doable the first half of the semester. The second half is a little hard. If you read and attend class its not too hard. After the first midterm, people stopped attending which is why the second midterm had lower grades. Don't do this. Pretty easy course. Got a B, didn't really try and learned a few things.
I'm pretty this prof knows a lot about climate change, but he knows too much. We have to learn literally everything about the atmosphere in this class. I'm really interested in climate change but not geology nor climatology. Plus, the exams are SUPER DUPER HARD.
Lowell's slides doesn't match his fxxxing hard test. Also, TOO MANY ALL OF THE ABOVE AND NONE OF THE ABOVE. In addition, he makes this class so hard for no reason, It's a GE CLASS!!
I'll agree that he is not easy, but if you visit him during his office hours, he is more than willing to help you. You have to review his slides and the text very thoroughly. You also have to make sure you know exactly what you're doing in the lab.  Overall, difficult, but by no means impossible.
This class was impossible. Even my t.a. - who was awesome - - said that stott had totally lost him. He gets pissed off that so many students skip lecture and throws in random impossible pop quizzes. I was lost in this class within a month
this class was supposed to be easy. But he made it so hard for no reason. Attending his class was not mandatory. however, he sometimes threw out pop quizzes. So, it'd better to attend his classes. TAs are so great. Exams were quite difficult.
Just awful. He's completely pompous and unnecessarily rude to students with questions. He overcomplicates things that you should just ask the TA's about. It was a highly unpleasant experience
i don't even know where to start with professor lowell or this class. Labs are decent seeing as the TA makes sense, but lectures and exams are a whole different story. I haven't missed a single lecture or lab and have read all the chapters and still do terribly. Do NOT take this class. :( PURE HORROR. not to mention he is so rude!
Good class
Seeing as this is a GE you would think he'd know people are only taking it because they have to, but no he acts like we're all aspiring climatologists. Lectures are terrible he just drones on and on. Condescending when speaking one on one. Pop quizzes and exams are poorly worded. Terrible class/ge. Don't take it.
He is a pure researcher. Pop quizzes and homework were vague. One particular homework was canceled/omitted because the TA even began asking him questions about what he wanted. Midterms/Finals were composed at the last moment with confusion. Made an A, but I don't recommend.
He has no idea how to teach. This COLLEGE course uses a high school textbook, and while it is a GE science course, thus not targeted toward engineering/science majors, he still simplifies the science so much that it's WRONG. Do not take this class. I have no idea how anyone hired him as a professor. I hope his research makes up for his idiocy.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! He does not know how to teach at all. If you're not good at geology/science get another class for this GE. He is not helpful or approachable. He makes you feel stupid at office hours. The TAs teach way better than him so if you have questions, go to them.
NO NEED for textbook - Tests r based on his website and lectures so dont waste $ just go to class. A nice guy but doesnt know how to teach. Confusing lectures and he always needs time to find what he needs. TAs r more helpful. Go to labs & read handouts carefully. Midterms & Finals r easy - all multiple choices. Overall easy but boring class.
Take this class P/NP unless you're good with the science classes that focuses on geology. Don't need the textbook since his exams are based from his website and lectures. Nice guy and gives a minor curve at the end, depending on how the class does.
Not only is he a bad teacher, his breath stinks of cheap, spoiled coffee.  He seems like he knows his stuff, but he has no professor-student skills to translate it to students.  I think he should be a researcher only.  I would not recommend him to anyone, unless you want to be clueless in class.  The TAs are alot better than professor.  BAD Profess
Good, clear teacher. Helpful and informative. Kind and approachable. Keeps you interested in the topic
relatively easy class. grading is all based on weekly lab quizzes, midterm and final (which are all multiple choice), and in class pop quizzes that are more about making people come to class than actually testing your knowledge. overall, i would recommend him
Worst professor at USC.  Don't get me wrong, he knows his stuff.  But it seems that he can't get it across to students.  And he gets mad if you don't get it.  He is so arrogant.  Good for you that you know your stuff dude.  But I only took your class because I had to.  I am not trying to be a Scientist.  Just a G.E. dude.  Horrible people skills
He is smart, but full of himself...He thinks he is God's gift to the world.  Tests were easy.  He needs to be more humble and less critical of students knowledge.  we are just taking this class because we need it, not be cause we are trying to become experts.
Professor Stott is clear in his lectures and is always willing to answer students' questions. He is passionate about geology and truly wants to help his students better understand the world around them. I felt the class was simple. The tests are 100% multiple choice.
very good and kind professor
No Comments
Decent Class, easy labs. The exams could be fairly tricky though. All in all very good for a GE
Awesome class. Very challenging. good material. Stott really seemed interested in me learning the material rather and answering my questions
No Comments
He was pretty bad.  the everyday class stuff is alright but his exams are really difficult.  Good luck if you suck at science classes because you will probably do horrible.
Stott was always there, prepared for lecture. Pertinent information, applied it to our lives. Pop quizzes were easy and helped - for those of us who came to class daily! Labs a bit off-topic, but in total a very solid class. Approachable, eager to help.
bad teacher, absent-minded, he skipped class several times, never clear on class goals
Stott was a horrible prof who had no idea what he was doing.  The class was a waste.
Complete ill-prepared and unorganized.  It was essentially a complete waste of my energy
879876	Angus	Fletcher	40
Excellent! Excellent! Excellent! Best Class I have taken in college. He makes writing fun and not boring. He makes the stuff we learn useful in our future endeavors. Great Class!
This is a writing class for me and he made this class so awesome I never had an interest in writing before and he's just made this class awesome! We got lucky and got him from USC and he fits in perfectly at OSU. I would take another class of his anytime!
Best professor I've ever had. The theatre school is pretty upset over his departure. Wherever he ends up teaching next, the students are lucky, lucky, lucky.
Angus is the best professor that the theatre school has in their aresenal. Not only is he absolutely brilliant, he also explains what he's thinking in a way that everyone can understand. He makes lectures interesting and a ton of fun and is an all around awesome guy. Everyone should get to experience an Angus class at least once!
You get to read a bunch of plays (if you want to), some of them great, then listen to this guy expound upon said plays during the lecture, which he usually finishes early. He's absolutely hilarious and has some totally wild interpretations of classic plays. Fun class, but I'm not sure how valuable the stuff I learned actually is, in the long run...
Best teacher SOT has to offer. Even though his lecturs aren't mandatory, everyone still goes because he is the most interesting, smart, and hilarious prof. Anyone who takes his class will be forever changed.
The best EVER!
He's basically God
Attendance may not be mandatory, but I'm telling you, you never want to miss this class. Angus was the most engaging professor I've had and his class was the one I always wanted to go to. His lectures are hilarious and informational. Make sure to attend his discussions after class!
He is so freaking smart and funny and all the things a good professor should be.  I wish I can repeat his class but know I've graduated and it's too late! Take him. You will not regret it.
Angus was the best teacher I had this semester. He is funny, clever, witty, and makes class super enjoyable. It was the only lecture that was always full. You don't have to read the plays or even go to class, but you'll want to because he is so awesome.
I thought THTR125 was going to be terribly boring, but it turns out this is my favorite class. Angus doesn't take attendance, but I want to go to his classes because he honestly is the most amazing teacher. He is hilarious and engaging plus when he says everything he wants to, he lets you go instead of keeping you. Only wish he taught more classes!
Even people who don't like theatre LOVE his class. He's hysterical and makes everything very clear. On the first day of class he came right out and said YOU DONT HAVE TO COME TO THIS CLASS... yet everyone still does cause they love it.
Great teacher, easily the best I've ever had at USC. Go to class for the things that'll be on the final, but you'll stay for the entertainment and learning. Just watch out for the TAs. Theatre TAs tend to be a cause of grade deflation.
Probably the best teacher I have ever had!  Amazing!  Interesting.  And trust me ladies [or guys, I don't judge ;) ]....You will be 100% in love with him.  In LOVE
He's kind of God.
Angus is awesome. Go to lecture, it's quite entertaining. Reading the plays is a good idea, but not necessary. You'll have to read some of them for the three papers, but they aren't too hard.
I took all the Angus classes, and I can say that out of all our Theatre history classes, Angus' are the best.  He is incredibly intelligent, helpful, humorous, and really tried to talk to the students about stuff they will enjoy.  He is perfection.
Such a brilliant man! Angus is super funny and makes you look at plays and life in a whole different way. The class really got everyone to &quot;think outside the box&quot; and it's much more abstract than pretty much any college class. I loved it and think you can get a lot out of it.
Professor Fletcher is an incredibly intelligent, funny, and supportive individual.  But his lectures are so diluted with humor and sugarcoating--I felt that his desire to pander took precedence over a commitment to substantive learning.  His classes make for a good time--but fail to really educate students beyond a rudimentary high school level.
Angus is awesome! He makes lecture so interesting that I almost wanted to read Waiting for Godot. You can definitely get by without reading the plays, but lecture is way more interesting when you have read the play for that week. Also, voluntary mandatory discussion is great, try to go to it when you have time! My TA wasn't great though.
Initially, I thought I was going to hate this class. It turned out to be my favorite. I never felt like I *had* to go to lecture. I wanted to. He keeps it fun and extremely entertaining while teaching. Fabulous, fabulous professor. I would recommend this class to anyone.
Amazing teacher! Makes a potentially boring class extremely interesting. Even though he never takes attendance, the class is almost always full just to hear his lectures.
Definitely the best class I've ever taken. Not only is he entertaining, he gives you a whole new perspective on the world. I would recommend this class to ANYONE, even if you're not a theater or literature major, just because everything in it can be applied to life! I go to this class because I want to, not because I'm forced to.
Angus is not only hilarious but an incredibly smart person. Get to know him personally because he can give so much helpful advice. His class manages to be extremely easy and yet enormously helpful and informative at the same time.  Come to lecture because you will get so much out of it. His Tis Pity She's A Whore lecture was legendary.
Best teacher I've ever had. Every positive thing previous commentors have said is true.
Extremely entertaining
Angus is one of the best teachers I've ever had in my life.  He is so compelling and interesting, not to mention hilarious, that you want to listen to him and the class doesn't even feel like a lecture.  You go because you want to learn from his life experiences and you leave the class every day with a better understanding of the world.
An awesome professor
This is one of the best lecture teachers I have ever had. He is funny and relates all his play to real life, adding funny stories. He explains classical plays in a way that makes me love and understand the plays.You are not required to read all the plays, he doesn't care if you show up or not. He also has discussions after class which are helpful t
Great teacher! Very articulate and insightful. GREAT, GREAT CLASS!
He is a genius, and is extremely entertaining and enthusiastic.
He is wonderful and a genius!!
Very funny and interesting professor.  Makes dull topics interesting.  Only complaint is how the grades are done- 3 papers and one final where you identify quotes from all the plays read.  Don't mind the papers, but the quote identification is really hard when you're reading similar classical works and there is a LOT of quotes.  Tedious testing.
A very funny professor without insights into many aspects of theater and literature.
the best professor I have ever had
Angus is HILARIOUS. Although he teaches in a lecture where attendance is not mandatory, his lectures are so funny that no one ever wants to miss them! he fuses learning with anecdotes seamlessly and he is DEFINITELY a professor i would recommend :)
This is the best class I've ever taken. Angus is amazing. His lessons are hilarious and incredibly insightful.
i have never skipped a lecture - angus is the best lecture professor i've ever had, and so enthusiastic. go see him at his office hours, he's always willing to chat!
Easily one of the best classes I've taken at USC so far.  He manages to captivate his students with every lecture.  He's wildly funny, brilliant, and a wonderfully kind individual. You won't want to skip his lectures out of fear you'll miss his latest hilarious anecdote.  I highly recommend this class!!!
1794407	Marcia	Dawkins	39
I failed the midterm when I had this class and felt pretty stupid, but then I found out the AVERAGE GRADE was failing. Dawkins then yelled at the class and walked out rather than curve the exam. Within the first week over 30 students dropped the course, and I wish I had been one of them. Tests are bizarrely meticulous. Readings are about Eminem...
Dawkins spends a lot of time going off-topic about things she's passionate about and has no problem sharing her opinion with the class. Unfortunately she won't make time outside of office hours to meet with students, even if you have class, and she makes you buy books she has written herself that you then don't read. 
You know those professors that you really should take to get the most out of your USC experience? That's how it is with Dr. Dawkins. Yes there's assignments like all classes, but you don't feel like you're taking a "class." You feel like you're having an intellectual coffee discussion among peers. I actually looked forward to going to class. 
Dr. Dawkins is an extremely inspiring and approachable professor. I always felt like she wanted us to do our best and she was very willing to help. You definitely have to put in the time, and be willing to speak up in class, but it's well worth it. Class is very little lecture a lot of discussion - I learned a lot! Definitely recommend!
Dr. Dawkins is one of the greatest professors I've ever had. I've taken two of her courses (COMM201 and COMM339) and both were awesome. She's the type of professor who truly cares about her students and is there to help them succeed. Not only that, she also has a great sense of humor. Highly recommend! 
This isn't a show-up-and-pass class; you absolutely have to work for an A. However, Dr. Dawkins rewards students' efforts with informative lectures, constructive criticism, and a willingness to help you succeed. Don't be intimidated by her syllabus; she just runs a tight ship. And arguably so, because Dr. D is one of the best professors I ever had.
LOTS OF READING. However, lectures are really interesting. She's a tough cookie but she is actually really nice though she definitely has her favorite students. The big debate is actually really fun and the tests are really easy. Definitely recommend her for this methods requirement. 
Such a great professor. Loved her class. In class, we talk about Beyoncé a lot and it made it a lot more interesting and relevant which is great. Not a lot of tests(maybe 3?) and small assignments (5 Tumblr posts & 2 worksheets). The final is basically the same as any other tests in the class but is cumulative. Take her class! You won't regret it!
Dr. Dawkins is a great professor, she makes class interesting and you will learn along the way. She's good in office hours if you need extra help and she reviews EXACTLY what's on every test and assignment during class lectures. Super clear. I'd say take this class with her for sure.  Nice experience!
Marcia Dawkins keeps the class entertained by allowing students to speak half the time!She tends to let us go a little off track during lecture then WHAM, you get a question on the exam that's completely foreign to you. So expect to do LOTS of individual studying and exploring on your own. Best part is exams are all mult. choice, cool class! 
There is no reason why Dr. Dawkins shouldn't have a perfect score. She's witty, engaging, brilliantly smart in the field of Communication, and knows how to appeal to her students. Her lectures had me wishing we had a longer class time because they are so engaging. We study relevant topics of today. I can't wait to take another one of her classes. 
She was very kind and nice and the class was extremely enjoyable! Makes material relevant to students' lives. Not a dull moment, and very understandable of the students' time. 
Dawkins is a amazing. Super helpful, super encouraging and most importantly super interesting. You will not get bored in class. I took it as an 8am class and literally Dawkins makes it a worthwhile experience. She also listens to student feedback and makes necessary adjustments to ensure we get the best out of the class. I highly recommend Dawkins.
I don't understand why people are saying this class is hard. If you pay attention in class, do some participation and read the textbook you will get your A. Just listen to what the professor is sayingdoing and you will sort of get the questions for the tests. Also, this class is very helpful in actually giving you real world skills and advice.
I've taken 3 classes w this prof. You'll find her love for students directly in every lecture, which is really conversational and teaches you about real life. She builds relationships with the students who seek her out & have a desire succeed. Take every class you can w her.  You won't be sorry!!
Best class yet!  I believe this is a class that everyone should take.  This is one of the few classes available in college that actually educates students on prevalent issues in our country, how they came to be, and ways to effect change.  The class is not hard if you pay attention for the subject matter and class discussions are extremely engaging
One of the best classes I've taken. The subject matter was useful in every day life and she helped explain difficult concepts so that we could master them and put them to use.  She does a great job at engaging students and  teaching in ways that make you care about the subject matter rather than just worrying about the test. Mostly online readings.
Made lectures engaging and applied subject matter in real world situations.  Made any theories taught in the class practical.  Willing to work with you if you are struggling in the class and putting in a visible effort.  Made a basic, intro level class interesting.
Dr. D was one of my favorite professors during my time at USC, and the accompanying course was equally as great. She brought amazing material to class for discussion, the course texts were interesting, and the conversations that sparked each day made class go by very quickly. If I could take the course all over again, I would! Highly recommend. 
This was seriously the best COMM class I have ever taken. Dawkins really makes sure you understand the topic at hand. Prepare to think critically and be willing to share your thoughts. There are a lot of readings, but they actually help you understand what's going on in class. Not much writing, mainly some amazing group projects! You WILL learn! 
I had Argumentation and Advocacy with Dr. Dawkins and I loved it. I loved the setup of the class because it was focused more on in-class interaction with my classmates and that was very conducive to my learning. Professor D is a great mentor and really cares about the well-being of each and every student. Highly recommend any class with her! 
Dr D outlines exactly what she expects of you in her syllabus, and is willing and ready to help all of her students during her office hours.  If you can't meet with her during her office hours, she will be more than happy to meet with you at a time that is convenient for you.  She is a very hands on professor and her lectures are great! 
Best professor in Annenberg, she relates concepts to our daily lives and really breaks down the difficult theory in a clear and easy way to understand. Def. take Comm 201 with her. Surprised her classes aren't full; best kept secret.
Phenomenal professor, the best one I have had at USC. I am surprised that she is not more highly rated. People probably just didn't do well and are mad about it. If you follow the syllabus, come to class and read, can def get an A.
Every semester that I have know about professor Dawkins I always recommend for students to attend her class. By far she is my favorite professor and I would take every class that she teaches
This class is amazing! SUPER cool and relevant. She is very up to date about the digital world. A lot of focus on Instagram, Uber, & many cool apps that we all use regularly. I love this class because it is one of the classes that you actually want to attend and be a part of. She is honestly my favorite professor and I can't wait to take her again!
I have no idea why Dr. Dawkins doesn't have a better score... she is a fantastic professor, and incredible woman to talk to. You are lucky if you get to take a class with her, and should take advantage of any time you get to speak with her directly.  The discussions in the Rhetoric class are lively and I am bummed whenever I have to miss class. 
I had a very different experience than most did with COMM 201.  I was very hesitant to take the class.  Had dropped it the year before because her syllabus seemed very harsh.  I was pleasantly surprised.  Got A's on all tests and I am a terrible test taker.  No study guides, but the final review section was exactly what was on the final.
This professor is so cool. I loved her class and she is very down to earth. The class is pretty easy. There isn't much homework.
If you are on here wondering if you should take a class from this woman next semester, GET OUT NOW. WAIT FOR ANOTHER PROF. You have been warned.
Honestly, I have no idea why this professor got such negative reviews for 201.  I'm taking her for argumentation and she is absolutely great! I've gotten A's on almost everything, and more importantly I really enjoy the class! Yes, you have to speak, but it's argumentation for goodness sakes!
One of the worst professors I've had at USC. She is extremely rude like many other students have already said. DO NOT HAVE HER FOR COMM 201
The previous comments are all too harsh and probably come from bad students. Dr Dawkins is incredibly passionate and well-versed in her field and truly cares about her students. If you take the time to care about the class (COMM 322/COMM 201), she will take the time to make sure you do well. She's a great professor and one of my favorites at USC!
The worst professor I've dealt with at USC.  She teaches with a vendetta against her students.  You're asking for a miserable experience if you take a class with her.
AVOID THIS PROFESSOR! She made you feel like a child taking a USC course & towards the end of the semester, spent the entire lecture period discussing things that would never be on the test.
Absolutely the worst and doesn't care for students. Don't believe me? Read her syllabus - her rudeness shows in the section written about questions you can ask her. On top of that, her tests are hard, she's unresponsive to emails, and the grading criteria is too hard for a 200 level class. Learn from my mistake - avoid this prof at all costs.
Avoid if you can. She makes 201 much harder than it needs to be, she gives out unnecessary pop quizzes (gave out one on the syllabus) and is unpleasant to be around. When the entire class did poorly on her midterm, she threw a fit, decided not to teach the class, and walked out, leaving her TAs to teach (which they didn't).
AVOID AVOID AVOID - she gives out pop quizzes every class. Think six fill in the blank answers (akin to a midterm). Midterm was ridiculously hard for a 200 level class. Decided not to teach a class because the class average was a 59/100. Cancelled class discussions, won't schedule office hours outside the time listed even if you have class.
Egocentric and meticulous. Gave an intricate syllabus quiz the second day and the class average on the first midterm was 59 out of 100, and she refused to curve. Bizarre teaching style. Will not make appointments outside of office hours, even  if you have class during those hours. Avoid her.
1303988	James	Haw	39
He truly is the most arrogant and disrespectful person I have ever had the displeasure of meeting.  While he is knowledgable, you can read a book for that same knowledge.  Avoid interacting with this man at all costs.  He is a miserable human being and is nasty to every person around him
Professor Haw is one of the worst professors ever. The problem is that he is incredibly smart and knowledgeable, and he knows it. He is condescending to students and so incredibly boring to listen to. He doesn't know how to teach AT ALL. Avoid at all costs, if possible.
This man's class was an absolute nightmare. The insane amount of readings, 150-200 pages per week of outside readings, will make you fall behind in all your other classes, but if you can't keep up, "it's your fault, you should try harder." The midterm will make your hand fall off, 7 1-2 page essays in an hour and 20 minutes. Take something else.
The lectures are dull and boring. Professor Haw speaks in a monotone voice and goes on forever. He is very observant- calls out people who are asleep, etc. Attendance isn't mandatory, but he does not post slides online and there are no textbook either, so that is the only way you learn. Midterms ARE RIDICULOUS! I'd avoid taking this class for GE6.
If you do the readings and pay attention in class you will do well on the tests and papers because there is a large curve. His lectures are very painful and confusing but that's part of college. He's always watching you...... so don't be on your phone or anything because you will get called out. Have fun and good luck!
I'm one of the only few international students in the class and this class is TERRIBLE to us. His lectures require high concentrations to just get clear of what he's saying. Midterms and finals are mission impossibles cuz none of us can write 7 1.5-page essays within 1H20M. TA and he are never available for helping.
Quite monotone... Boring lectures. Also can be rude at times to students. A bit too honest.
He is very knowledgeable about  his field of study. He's irritable and very hard to approach for help
This is a very hard class. The lectures are not very interesting, but you do learn more than you ever wanted to know about the environment. Would help if he was more optimistic.
This class is very interesting (albeit depressing) despite the boring format of his lectures. The essays and exams are graded extremely harshly. The curve brings a ~50% exam grade to a B.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. He is just awful and so unhelpful and just plain cruel. His lectures are boring, he speaks softly and it's impossible to hear him. The TAs are unhelpful and the content is just so unnecessary - doesn't really relate to &quot;social issues&quot; at all.
This lecture was quite boring, and the finals were graded quite harshly for a beginning level course/GE. The TAs never seemed especially interested in the course, which did not help to motivate the students.
Horrible. Even the TAs are pretty bad,or at least mine was. She guaranteed that I would not fail. I did. I emailed her to talk about it and go over the exam because I have to retake it again next semester. No response.  Worst educational experience ever, and it does not help that the teachers are unreliable.
Lectures can be quite dull and the midterm/final was VERY STRESSFUL. You have to write 7-8 essays in an hour and 15. Tough grader but final grade is curved - thank god. Interesting topic, boring class.
If you can write essays quickly it's really not that hard. He tells you essentially what's going to be on the midterm and final exactly. Just memorize key points and spill out eight essays.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. This was the worst class I have EVER taken. I'm an A student and got a D in this class. His grading is on a curve but they never explain it to you. None of the major assignments are due till after the drop date... so your it is difficult to note your progress. And he is soooo boring, biased, and rude. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!
USC needs a new environmental teacher. GE's are not supposed to be that hard. i'm an engineering major, and this class in my opinion demanded more work than some of my engineering ones. Tests are essay questions, so even though you may know all the concepts you must be ready to put all the concepts together and write an essay.WAIT FOR OTHER TEACHER
This class will suck the life out of you.  Although because of the curve at the end of the semester, its possible to make it out with a B, the amount of work required to get a good grade in this class is disgusting.  And what's the point when the class is designed to fail&#63; Don't take this class.
Hide Yo KIDS, hide yo wife, and do not take this class. This man spends the whole lecture talking about stuff that is straight out of the book, and he doesn't like to listen to different points of view. Even if this is the last GEVI (which was my case) do not take it for your own sake.
THIS GUY IS THE WORST PROFESSOR AT USC. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!! I REPEAT DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!! this guy is possibly one of the worst teachers at usc. I don't understand why is he still there, but this class will suck the life out of you. boring lecture and you have to agree with whatever he says. This man is on a power trip.
Jim Haw is the worst professor that I have ever taken! His lectures are useless on exams, but mandatory to attend because of pop quizzes.  He seems to be on some type of power trip, with an average grade of 50% on finals. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!!
Not a very good teacher. Boring but mandatory lectures. Assigns much more reading than is actually tested. Tests are designed so that students average a 50%.
This professor may be bright, but should not be teaching. He is unreasonable, unfair and seems to dislike what he is doing. There is no feedback on essays or tests and expects students to finish a mid-term of 8 essay questions, 2 pages each, in 80 minutes. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Horrible GE
He is clearly very intelligent but not entirely suited to teach undergraduates. He is incredibly accomplished in his field but I think that has gone to his head a bit. Don't try asking him questions. You really won't get an answer or any help. Read the books, thoroughly study the final reviews, and you should be fine.
I got a B in his class but he is a horrible professor. He is unhelpful and anti-social. You don't learn anything in his class.By far the worst experience I've ever had. He's mean and has a chip on his shoulder. Talks like he has a speech impediment. Overall, I don't think he should be teaching anywhere.  He is just not fit for it.
Jim Haw is quite possibly one of the worst teachers I have ever had. He is boring, mean, and hard. His lectures are straight from the book, he has pop quizzes to check for attendance, so you basically have to go to class, but don't learn anything, and his midterm and final are very difficult, with the average grade being a 50%.
Boring lecture. Long midterm that is hard to finish on time.
This is by far one of the hardest GE Cat VI classes. He randomly gives out pop quizzes during lectures. Average for his midterm is around a 50% and expects you to write 8 essays in 80 minutes. He speaks in a monotone voice and most of the people in the class end up falling asleep.
Don't take this class he is incredibly boring and it is extremely difficult to stay awake this class. Lots of work load. he is a hard grader. you are doomed if you take this class.
worst prof EVER..tried my hardest EVER in staying awake in class..sometimes takes attendance as quiz grades. graded VERY hard on midterms: avg was probably about 50% or even less, papers were extremely tedious and long. must actually do readings to write papers or for quizzes. readings were very long too.
do not take this class. it will suck the life out of you
Incredibly boring. Too much information. Tests are essay format. Hard grader. DONT TAKE THIS CLASS.
He's a very intelligent man but can be irritable at times. He's got a very negative outlook on humanity's fate (I agree) and does not take kindly to disagreement. I started out disliking him but eventually decided that he's probably one of the smartest people at SC. The course is love it or hate it (much better than other ge's imo.
He's a very intelligent man but can be irritable at times. He's got a very negative outlook on humanity's fate (I agree) and does not take kindly to disagreement. I started out disliking him but eventually decided that he's probably one of the smartest people at SC. The course is love it or hate it (much better than other ge's imo.
This professor is very smart and has his interesting moments. The textbook was a waste of money, we used about 7 chapters out of 23 and he went over them in class. The hard part is the reading, which is at minimum 100 pages per week (if you don't read the textbook). One midterm, two essays, and a final.
sometimes mutters, too much material, gets mad at people who disagree
crazy guy. very arrogant. belittles his students. thinks we are all doomed and we are all gonna die in like a decade. screams at people in class for the most absurd things. loves to use the word &quot;fantastically&quot;. However he knows his****. He's a very smart guy.
I agree with the person below.  This is the worst class I have ever taken -- because of the professor.  It requires so much reading and he is a completly arrongant guy.  The average on the midterm was a 50 and he blamed us for not working hard enough.  The class is based on 2 papers and 2 exams that are blue book format.  Do not take this man!!!1
No Comments
63136	Todd	Boyd	39
Boyd's my favorite cinema professor I've had. He plays great movies in class, and his lectures on them are fascinating; he really makes you look deeper into the social issues in movies. He's funny, and the classes always keep your attention, and he's a very clear lecturer. It's never difficult to understand the concepts he covers. Great prof.
Todd Boyd is by far the best professor I have ever come across. He is one of the most intelligent, interesting people at USC and is clearly passionate about the subjects he teaches. Boyd is an absolute baller and has become one of the people I respect most in my life. THANK YOU BOYD!   
Dr. BOYD is the best teacher I've ever had at USC and I'm now in my junior year. His class is by far the most interesting, insightful class I've taken at the University, the only one I've ever felt was actually worth my money, and the only one in which I learned something. He makes you think. His lectures are engaging. Take this class.
Took Mad Men class for Spring 2014 - Attendance is mandatory since Midterm & Finals were based 70% on his lectures, 25% on the course reader articles, and then 5% on the books assigned. His lectures are very interesting and he's a charismatic speaker so attending class isn't so bad. Take really good notes on EVERYTHING he says in lecture.
Boyd was surprisingly good. Insightful/interesting lectures. Exams require thorough studying, but nothing too hard. Had a kinda lousy TA. Only downside is that class really emphasizes Boyd's POV on films - doesn't really care what you have to say. Buy the course reader, skip the other books.
192 is my favorite crit class I have taken so far.  He really is an amazing guy and he tells it like it is.  The class is about the world around the film, rather than intense analysis into the aesthetics.  He picks fantastic and interesting readings and is an overall wonderful teacher.
He's pretty arrogant. He wrote all the books he assigns for reading (and they're not very interesting). And he shows up 15-20 minutes late for EVERY class even though students are required to be there on time. He seems pretty smart but he doesn't welcome any opinions that challenge his own. I really wouldn't recommend him.
Boyd is one of the most intellectual teachers I've had and a tad bit intimidating, because he is so sure and smart. He writes some of the books we have to read. His writing is top-notch and fun to read. Read the course reader. Go to all study sessions! Though the title says gender, it's more about race and class.
Hip-Hop Culture was fun & Boyd is mos def a cool cat. There was a midterm & final only. Make sure you take detailed notes, as they are crucial for the tests. If you do, you will ACE both exams. Pace yourself for the tests, cuz although they are not hard if you review your notes, they will require constant writing. Take notes during the movies, too.
Not just my favorite professor, but also my favorite person.
He was a strong professor who really believed in what he talked about.  It was a bit almost too biased for my taste but that's what he's about.
Boyd himself is a cool guy... his lectures are interesting, and the movies are at least ok... but beware the TAs. Mine was evil, and the midterm is next to impossible, just because of time constraints!
HIP HOP CULTURE WAS THE****!!! Its an amazingly interesting course about so much more than just hip-hop music. The class is graded on one midterm and a final. You must study to get an A, but you will enjoy studying for this class. The movies were great and Boyd is just an amazing and unique man. TAKE THIS COURSE if you can!!
Boyd is a character.  In 192, you don't need the books, just listen to what he has to say and hope you have a competent TA.  The films were pretty generic box office successes all coming from the post-mod era, but were overall very interesting.  Boyd's opinions on Crash and Traffic were extremely humorous and his Godfather lecture was legendary
average entry
If you like to be told what to think and how you SHOULD feel about social issues, this is the class for you!  Some of the movies rock and the teacher goes off on tangents about his political stance.  I highly recommend!
He's so passionate about what he teaches- it makes it all the more worthwhile.
No Comments
Even when i disagreed with him, which was often, I found his arguments informed and usually well thought out
His favorite story is how he told off Spike Lee and Spike ran...but he's 3 feet taller and 200 pounds heavier that Spike, so can you blame him&#63;
Egotistical, quirky, but fun and informative.
No Comments
I have to admit that I took three of his classes. They are easy. Some are better than others. The HipHop class was boring but Blacksploitation and 1970s class was interesting. If you need credits, just take one.
He's the man!  Yeah, I said it.
Great speaker. My favorite course in critical studies was Race, Class &amp; Gender in American Film.
No Comments
Coolest teacher on campus tells it how it is
No Comments
Boyd is a bright guy, but he takes himself too seriously.  His &quot;Black Comedies&quot; class is very disorganized.  I'm not sure, but I don't think he likes white people too much.
No Comments
No Comments
You can get A easily.
His teaching style is extremely unique.
he doesn't prepair his lectures, he does it off the top of his head so in the end he talks him self in circles. covering the same info over and over.   just stay awake for the first 20 min.  then you can zone
Brilliant prof. it would be a shame to miss one of his lectures
All flash, no substance -- Not sure that Ali lecture was anything more than a highlight real of his fight record...
Boyd is awesome. He puts on a show every week and lectures off the top of his head. He's so knowledgable that if u just take notes and really study them for SPECIFICS for the midterm and final, you'll do well. Gotta have specifics for the tests though!
Best prof. I've had at SC. He's hilarious and makes 4 hour classes FUN!
He more like an entertainer, than a lecturer.
1879064	Michael	Mische	39
Has to be the most interesting(in a good bad way) professor I've met.  He basically threw the syllabus away and just did his own thing.  I would say take this class if you are actually going into consulting, if not I would take another class that is more beneficial.  With that being said, I found this class rather easy and he is funny. Pizza night
Great professor who was always available to meettalk if necessary.  You can tell he truly cares about his work and his students.  The opportunity to put together and present a consulting project to KPMG professionals was an incredible experience.  A class that every MBA interested in management consulting should strongly consider!
The esteemed Professor Mike Mische is one of USC Marshall's best kept secrets. Not only does he have world-class professional experience, but he is also an expert in business strategy and turnaround theory. His proven track record rivals the best MBA professors in the world. He offers the wisdom and mentorship that students deserve!
Amazing teacher. And man oh man is he handsome.
Mische is great. He has a very practical teaching method and makes sure you know what you need to know. If you have any questions, he is always more than willing to help, either in class or will go out of his way to meet with you outside of class. If you want to know the true principles and dynamics of Management Consulting, this class is a must!
Will be there for you at anytime in or outside of class. Available to help students will both the class material and outside things including jobs and interviews. Only asks students to take the class seriously and put in some effort. 
The review war and political mess on this page are sooo indicative of what you're in for if you take this class. Also, the class is MANAGEMENT consulting but were doing a semester long case with a below average big four firm in RISK consulting. Bain? McKinsey? BCG? Even Deloitte n PwC would be more relevant to 462. Step your game up MM!!! 
Professor Mische is an incredible professor. I'm not sure what class the two recent negative reviewers have been in, but it cannot be MOR 462 with Professor Mische. He has brought KPMG into the class and provided us with every resource needed to succeed, in both the class and in life. Cannot recommend this teacher enough.
This is the second class that I have taken with Professor Mische. Looking back on my whole academic career, I have never had a more caring and inspirational professor. He truly cares about his students and I have never had a more "hands on" class. Professor Mische truly prepares students for the real world, such as with the KPMG case study.
Not sure what the reviews below are referring to. Great guy to chill with and talk to about life - he's there via textcallin person 247.  He literally bought pizza for the class, "just because." As for the KPMG project we are doing, it's in its first semester.  Yes, there is room for improvement for the project but it's an amazing opportunity.
Mische is awesome, loves talking about the glory days because the glory days were tight. The KPMG project is fun and it very well may get you a job. He brought us pizza, he helps you with your resume and job apps, had a ton of fun. Go to his office hours and hear his stories, its worth the time. Only complaint: night classes suck.
at first you think he's cool and 462 is going to be a great. well we are almost done with the semester and everyone is finally starting to see through the smoke and mirrors. we've learned nothing. kpmg project is a disaster and none of us are interested in "operations risk." mische is horrible and a control freak but everyone is scared to speak up.
Never met a more useless and self centered professor. Wish he would spend more time teaching and less time rambling about his "glory days" which are probably delusions. Sad because I trusted this website but now the clusters of great reviews seem fishy. Anyways my friends all recommend Wolfe... Lucky them
Professor Mische teaches relevant and very practically oriented subject matters. He cares about every single student and is very helpful. His practical knowledge is unique and you can learn a lot from his real life cases. It was a pleasure for me to attend his lecture!
Professor Mische is great. As a former partner for KPMG, he knows a great deal about the consulting industry. If you're looking to get into consulting or interested at all in business, definitely take this class.
Professor Mische is a great guy and really cares about his students. He provides personal experiences that make class fun and interesting. However, be aware that he is a subjective grader. Participating in class and getting to know him personally   is key to success in his class.
This ends up being a very easy class, but Mische is really nice and willing to speak to you about anything you might want to know about consulting. He has a lot of great stories and experiences to share. The class can either be really great prep or a blow-off class, but I'd suggest getting close to Mische and making the most of it.
Professor Mische is one of my favorite professors. He brings the material to life by recounting funny stories from his vast experience as a partner in a top consulting firm and really cares about his students. He is extremely accessible outside of class, and rewards effort shown instead of just the end result. Great guy! Take his class!
Professor Mische is a great guy! He is both knowledgeable and passionate about the material and uses personal anecdotes to give things flavor. He really cares about his students and wants them to succeed in the classroom and in their careers.
Professor Mische is unforgettable - in the good way! He masters the fact that students cannot just take in infinite amounts of knowledge. By mixing in practical application, fun and anecdotes he ensures that students actually anchors the knowledge from MOR 559. Furthermore, expect a professor who cares about your career! Thank you MM!
Mische really cares about his students. He has a ton of practical knowledge from his years of experience, and peppers his lessons with real-life anecdotes and examples. He is clear about what you need to know for the exams, which are not difficult. Great professor!
Great class! Unparalleled prep for consulting or any management level business position. Course used a course reader, but we also had guest speakers and brought in real life news examples.
I wish that every professor could be like Mische. He is engaging and interesting. Anyone who has the opportunity to learn from him is very fortunate.
Extremely helpful professor and has significant experience in the real world. Highly recommended if you interested in consulting and M&A.
Professor Mische is great because, while he teaches theoretical frameworks, he does not get lost in the academia. He is out there in the real world and imparts stories from real life. That is INVALUABLE information that can really help in your career. I don't even plan to be a mgmt. consultant, but I learned a lot from and highly recommend it.
Mische teaches through his stories of the consulting industry. His experience as a partner in a large consulting firm is what you get out of the class. Great stories, great experience and a solid professor to have if you want to know the specifics about the consulting industry.
Great teacher with a lot of experience and personal insight.  Teaches the class as an open discussion which helps you retain the knowledge more.
Great class, great professor. After 7 semesters at USC, not one cared so much about the topic at hand or the students' future careers. Mische wants you to succeed and reiterates that he is there to help you succeed. Have never had a college prof remind students that he is available for grad school references the way Mische does. Take the class.
Great class, great professor!
I've taken both of Mische's management courses and would highly recommend both to those interested in consulting. Cool guy, funny stories, really smart, attractive
One of the nicest professors i've had. Has a ton of experience in his field, and is always willing to help in any way possible, even when it comes to applying for jobs. Great, and easy class to take as long as you take all his notes. Also, has great stories!!!
Amazing professor that cares a ton about his students. Has a lot of wisdom about consulting and is eager to share his advice. Not a very hard class at all, I definitely recommend it for someone interested in learning more about the consulting profession.
Very helpful and interested in students.
Prof Mische is extremely helpful and wants his students to succeed. He makes himself very available to his students and is a good reference to have. His class is very much story based in which he uses his life experiences to give advice for a possible career in consulting or any type of business. Really gives you a feel of what consulting is like
Great professor. I was interested in consulting beforehand, and after taking his class, I went in with more industry knowledge than I could ever have without his class. Solid experience as a partner in management consulting, and just an awesome person to get general advice from.
Despite a jumbled semester teaching this class for the first time at the undergrad level, Mische was a rock-solid story-teller and sage on the MC industry. I've come out with a far finer and more granular intuition for consulting than most bootcamps (which tend to be gimmicky and only focus on recruiting); well worth my time and attention.
Great professor and course. I would recommend the both for anyone trying to break into consulting. His real life experience and knowledge is really helpful to learn how the industry works
Still pretty early in the semester but loving this class so far. I've gone to Mische for case studies/interview help and he was very willing to help. He's also got that "silver fox" thing going on, if you're into that ;)
Definitely a class to take if you are interested in management consulting since USC doesn't offer many management classes for undergrads. Very helpful course and Mische has tons of real world experience and was a great professor to have!
794431	Stacy L	Smith	38
Stacy is an amazing professor, enthusiastic about the material and very inspiring. Attend lectures, a lot of the material will be covered on the exam. Readings are ESSENTIAL. Even though the material is quite challenging, she's always willing to help. 
She is very helpful and more than willing to be in contact with her students.
Stacy is an amazing professor. I know many people stressed about the tests, but I didn't find them that bad at all. Attend class (and pay attention - take notes on everything!), and make sure to do the readings (outline the articles), and you probably won't have to study much for tests, just review. Also, DO go to office hours a couple times.
Stacy Smith is an amazing professor! She is VERY well known in her field and has more connections than most professors in Annenberg, which is saying a lot! She's an amazing lecturer, and leaves you wanting to learn more. Tests are a bit tough (2 essays- 1 from reading 1 from lecture) but multiple choice questions are incredibly straight forward! 
Stacy, who likes to be called Stacy, is not only a great teacher but an amazing person. She is extremely successful in her field and if you try your best and get to know her, she will always be willing to help you. Her tests in this class are straight forward, just study hard. You aren't allowed computers but it actually makes you focus!
My favorite teacher here at SC thus far. Wonderful teacher, wonderful class, and interesting readings. This isn't an easy class however, you need to study a fair amount.But if you want to learn something that will change your life, this is the class!
If you're looking for an easy A, don't take this class. However, if you're interested in media effects this is the best class out there. There's a lot of reading but if you're interested in the subject it's pretty cool. Stacy is amazing & a lot of the info you see on TV about representation in the media has been conducted by her. Learned so much!
Stacy is an amazing teacher. Definitely NOT an easy A, but if you work really hard, it is attainable. Huge focus on the readings (almost too much), but i've left this class knowing so much that I didn't previously know. I would highly recommend taking it.
Freaking hard. Grading and tests are insane.
If you want an easy A, do not take this class. However, if you're attending one of the best universities in the country to actually LEARN something, I highly, highly recommend this class.  Stacy is flat out brilliant, she cares tremendously about her students, and she prepares you for life, which is not about choosing the easy road for everything.
I am an English & Philosophy major and took this class as an elective. I am an honors student and always receive a's or b's on everything. I received F's on some papers in this class and the TA refused to meet me. Grade got lowered because of participation in a huge lecture class. Interesting topics but bottom line, this class is awful
Stacy is so helpful and passionate about com, which made me to love it too. At times the reading can be a lot so stay on top of it! She is very helpful in office hours and after class. Participate also. Class is GREAT for people who want to learn about communications in the mass media.
Stacy is amazing. Don't be afraid to talk to her after class or whenever. The class is a lot of reading of studies; they are all interesting, but tend to blend together.  I did well, but you really need to study.  I feel like I learned really great information from the class.  If you're a Com major and really want to learn about Com, take it.
She is AMAZING! There is a lot of reading but just make sure you get the main points to save you reading time and always attend class since there are quick reaction papers to get easy points from. She makes class really interesting, I promise!
Too much reading and doesn't give a study guide until the last min. So, many students wait for the last min SG, and cram. If she would just tell what we needed to know earlier, students can actually focus when learning. It's up to them whether or not they want to try, she shouldn't try to force them. Interesting class, got a good grade.
I was so excited for this class and this major and this course made me rethink everything. Stacy's nice but the material over-complicates the most basic concepts and tries to make it science when it's just not. A course that gives Comm such a bad reputation. When you're up til 4 studying "the 8 reasons why people watch TV" there's a problem.
Stacy is great, she's a very passionate professor and conducts an interesting course with great discussion panels. I'm an A student and I've found myself struggling in this class--if extensive reading and statistics aren't your thing then this class is definitely not for you.
Terrible class from a terrible teacher.
Stacey is very enthusiastic about the material. You are expected to show up to class daily (there are pop writing assignments). The reading is extensive, can be up over 100 pages per week (necessary to do well on exams). I found the first test to be filled with useful information I can apply to real life, but exam 2 and 3 were just useless facts.
203 focuses entirely around media violence and race/gender representation. 2 exams and final (just another exam on finals day), 7 (varies) reactions papers and attendance/participation. Going to class is crucial! She doesn't post slides so you must be there to take notes. Heavy reading which is on exams. READ!! GREAT professor, challenging class.
Fascinating class if you are interested in social representations in media (ie. violence, women, race). Stacy is passionate about the content and has personal experience in the field. I found this class to be very stimulating and even fun!
Stacy is by far my favorite professor at USC, and this class is hands down my favorite! She is so passionate about what she teaches that it's contagious - even though there's lots of readings, you'll enjoy doing all the work because Stacy gets you so excited about it. Definitely take this class!!!
My summary of Stacy Smith's Class - 1. She's an egotistical feminist, 2. Most of the ratings on here are from women who fill up most of the class, 3. Have fun reading 60 page research documents on a nightly basis
Great Professor. Very helpful, insightful and easy to get along with!!! I loved my time in her class!!! Going to class is important because most of the take home work she goes over in class which helps for clarity. I HIGHLY recommend this class!!!!!
Smith is a fabulous professor! Her classes were always interesting and fun. Discussion is insightful. Must attend lectures and do the reading. Her tests can be hard, but as long as you study you'll be fine. I definitely recommend taking this class!
Loved this teacher! Comm 203 was really interesting with her, and the course material itself was very interesting. She is very prominent in her field, so she is very passionate about what she's teaching.
amazing teacher! #1 comm teacher in annenberg! totally recommend her! oh but just to let you guys know she won't teach SPRING 2011! so make sure u wait for her in FALL 2011!
Stacy Smith is the best professor! She is inspiring and interesting. She is great at communicating course material because she has spent so much time researching it. Go to class and the review sessions. She tells you exactly what you need to know for tests to be successful. Pay attention to the hints for essay questions on exams.
One of the best teachers i have ever had! Made me become a comm major. take your class if you have the opportunity!
Everyone sould take Stacy's class. She gives you back whatever you put in, makes the class fun and interesting. Her exams require studying but she gives you a perfectly clear study guide. Go to class as there are pop &quot;reaction papers&quot;. Lots of reading, not all mandatory. Do what she asks of you and get to know her and you'll get an A.
Stacy was one of my favorite teachers at SC. She teaches one of the many 200 + classes and was the only one that was always full. She really knows how to make things interesting and engage the whole class in what shes saying. The material is really interesting, but you do need to study and follow the study guides for tests. Shes really helpful!
Can't get much better than Stacy Smith! She is not only engaging and enthusiastic but the class itself is interesting and exciting
Stacy is an amazing professor! She truly cares about her students and makes an effort to get to know each and every one of them, each in lectures of over two hundred students. Her power points are crystal clear and interesting. She makes this class worthwhile!
Charismatic. Heavy reading but very straightforward. Interesting lecture. Attendance is important because there are in-class writing assignments--they are also very straightforward.
Great teacher. Easy to listen to and easy to talk to. Holds the attention of the students well and is excited about the material she teaches. She will bend over backwards to help her students. If possible take a class with her. Tests are NOT easy because they cover such large amounts of content. Not too hard to get a B but getting an A is difficult
the tests are both from lecture and the reading and are very straight forward
so spunky & funny... she keeps your attention. tests are pretty hard, but it's just memorization. as long as you read both the course reader and the textbook, you're fine.  the paper was graded pretty harshly too, but that was probably more my TA than the professor. very helpful & is the only teacher i visited during office hours b/c she's so fun.
Very engaging & entertaining in her lectures... great sense of humor! Manages to keep all 200 students interested. Really approachable nature, easy to talk to during office hours.  Test are multiple choice and can be very challenging, but all of the material is straightforward and clear.  Despite heavy reading, a very fun & interesting class!
1605006	Yilmaz	Kocer	38
He is hard to understand. The questions in his test are hard to understand. If you read, you will pass. Overall below average teacher.
Class is useless, literally only went to class for the tests and got a B+. just repeats the book in a boring way and wastes time. Need to be able to self study to do well.
Class Average for all midterms were less than 60%..Lectures were pointless, didn't learn anything, but he was really open to helping students do better. Probably less than a quarter of the students show up to lecture, but I say it's also the students' fault that they don't study the material
The WORST CLASS AT USC! Waste of time. It says intro but has no intro material. It is a waste of time i learned absolutely nothing in this class! He's barely curving grades and you know there is something wrong when the class average is lower than 60%.... AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
Don't take this class. HORRIBLE. Worst class in my life.
Horrid. Unclear. Don't go to class. Just study from the book.
This is without a doubt the hardest class I have ever take. AVOID IT, very nice guy but he is lost, his TA's are worse. I have to teach my self and he even says that he accidentally gives out harder midterms and finals. JUST AVOID!
Nice guy, but miserable, terrible, horrible professor.
Yilmaz is an okay teacher, but he teaches literally straight from the book, and the book explains things much better than him. Use the online coupling with the book, which he puts lots of study questions on, to study.
This is just a really sad course. He is not dropping any exam this semester and exam averages are embarrassingly low. Avoid this class.
AVOID THIS CLASS< HE IS USELESS and is one of the worst teacher, almost made me want to switch my major
Honestly just read the book, do the practice problems that he assigns, and USE THE ONLINE PRACTICE PROBLEMS!! he pulls some of those questions to use on his tests. the class ends up being curved at the end most of the time. i never went to lecture and i did fine. hes a nice guy, just hard to understand/disorganized.
Extremely difficult course. Take Mangum instead. Tests are difficult and do not correlate with the class material. TAs are of no help.
Knowledgeable and helpful
Let me start off by first saying that he is a very nice person. With that said, this is the worst class you could possibly take. Lectures do NOT correlate to the tests. He gets off tangent and explains things in a way to tedious way, and his accent makes him all the more harder o understand. AVOID THIS CLASS.
He's not as bad as most of the people are saying, but he's also not that great. The main issue I had was that his tests didn't seem to match up with his lessons. I had to get a lot of my information from the text. He gave 3 midterms, we all dropped one score, and then we had a final. No homework or any other assignments.
Kocer needs to stop giving himself reviews on here. In all of my time at USC, this is the worst class. Tests and class don't correlate at all. I've had to teach myself the majority of the information. He is somewhat willing to help, but clarity is lacking. Would not recommend this professor at all. Avoid this class like the plague.
he is really helpful and takes time to explain things in detail. He sometimes covers extra material that is not in the book.
great class! great prof! highly recommended!
I don't understand why people are saying he's a bad teacher...he's totally not. I think the people who don't understand him are stupid. what did you expect from a college econ class&#63; to slide through without studying!&#63; i mean-you can go to his office anytime and he takes great lengths to help out. he gives a 2 midterms that you can have the better
Kocer is a very nice guy and he tries very hard to reach out but he is still very new at teaching. He has a great deal of potential, but for now the class makes no sense. His slides are straight out of the book but the tests don't coordinate. Overall, if you're self motivated, you'll survive, but chances are you won't enjoy it.
I really hate giving him a bad rating. He is a really nice guy, but so many students are struggling in the class. I understand the math, and I am not doing too poorly in the class, but this is because I have taught myself the information. He still needs some practice teaching. It's his first year, and he gets side tracked a lot.
hes realllly smart. im learning a lot.
this class is really good. he uses real life examples to illustrate things. he always has graphs to go along with the math which really helps. the class isnt boring like other math classes i have taken. i recommend it
professor kocer is such a good teacher! his lessons are very clear. the class is challenging, most people complaining arent studying enough. If you do the study guides then you will do well. hes giving an optional midterm too! hes teaching me so much.i will definitely  take his classes in the future. highly rec
The most important aspect is that Professor Kocer completely ignores that his class is not filled with Econ Majors. Many of the students do not have a Calculus background, and I have taken CALC AB and am still struggling. Kocer merely teaches the math but ignores much theory. Horrible teacher, I highly recommend you do not take.
Hes a rly good teacher. highly recommend! He is fair. He will go over your test with you and make sure u understand. u can also contest ur grades and he is generous. very friendly guy
IF YOU ARE NOT AN ECON MAJOR DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! if you are an econ major.... THEN.. you are in the right place =)  you will learn soo much. i hear the higher level classes taught at usc are easier so youll just be better off.  hes way too noce tho. i dont think art majors should get a 2nd midterm--im not taking a flippin pottery class n crying
he is sooooo freekin smart gosh!  im hoping that if i listen in class i can absorb some smartiness. :P its really cool that he cares if we learn or not.
ok the ppl complaining on here prolly havent even tried to approach professor kocer! he is so nice. he cares whether you understand sthg or not. its the TAs who dont give a (flute...tehee). kocer roxxx
Professor Kocer is a great teacher! He expects a lot but I am learning more in this class than any other class I have taken in school. I will def take another of his classes again if he teaches something else!
I think those math problems are helpful for Econ major students.  There's not much homework. And the professor is a patient and nice guy.
Everyone who commented negatively just isn't using all of the tools professor kocer is giving us. He gives you every opportunity to succeed. His study guide was really thorough, MANY people got As!  he's even giving an optional midterm! yes...the math is dense-but I'm learning a lot! isnt that the point&#63; (oh and hes not flustered-youre slow)
This class is horrible. Avoid it. I came into this class with the expectation that it would be a BASIC introductory ECON course. I never knew that I signed up for a calculus lecture. Even students with a strong math background are challenged in this class. Concept-based economics is minimal. Avoid this class if possible.
This class is HORRIBLE. Kocer's lectures are totally unorganized and rarely teaches the CONCEPTS of microeconomics. Each class is pretty much going over one or two math problems, and somehow that translates into teaching an ENTIRE CHAPTER of econ. So unless you already have a strong background in Micro and/or calculus DONT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!
I'm dying in this &quot;introductory&quot; microeconomics class. I'm &quot;learning&quot; more advanced calculus in my econ class than in my calculus class, and I've never taking calc before, so I'm absolutely drowning. He's a really nice guy, but I can't follow anything he does in class and his expectations are super crazy high. How can anybody succeed in this class&#63;
he does not go according to the book and he expects the students to have a very strong background in calculus, which is not a pre-requisite for the course. he is a nice person, but he does not understand where his students are holding and what their expectations for an intro course are.
His accent is so thick. He's not the best teacher because he just gets so flustered. He also like math-based Econ, rather than just theory-based Econ.
371637	James	Dolan	38
I would not recommend this class. Dolan is enthusiastic and knowledgeable, but he talks fast and you miss probably 30% of what he's saying even if you go to every class. Exams are brutal (12 TF, 12 MC), he tells you that he designs all TF q's to make you think you're right, and the MC were extremely in depth. You won't get by with memorization 
Worst class ever. Field trip on a Sunday was tedious. Drove for about 4 hours, heard him talk and stared at rocks. The average of midterms and a final were Ds, lectures were boring and too detailed for a GE. Labs were helpful, but still the materials are too advanced for a GE. Do not take this class if you're not good or not interested in science. 
Probably one of the most disorganized, unstructured lectures I've been in- lacks a flow and outline for the course. What's worse is the fact that Prof. Dolan will digress and suddenly transition into an entirely different topic. For a science GE, take a different course unless you're interested in geology. He also doesn't follow the required text. 
V fast talker, bring a laptop to keep up. When studying look at other people's notes too because you've probably missed like 15% of what he said. There are 2 midterms, worth about 15% each, and one final, worth about 30%. The tests are TF and then multiple-choice but he tries to trick you in them! The labs are straight-forward so go to those.
Prof Dolan is really enthusiastic but is hard to keep up with. He uses powerpoints but they just have pictures so don't really help for outside study. Some of the questions on the test are about random or really specific things. Come to lectures!! I have looked for the notes online and they are not there. Bring a laptop and write quickly.
Worst class and worst professor at USC
Although this isn't an "easy" class, I did learn a LOT. Go to every single lecture, and take intense notes - this alone will get you in the top of the class. Read the texts, study hard. In reference to the comment below -- you CAN see your midterms, you just can't take them home. Go to office hours and the TA will go over questions with you.
This class made me decide that I'll never donate money to USC.Dolan never allowed us to see answers that we got wrong on midterms.You'll never know how you're doing in the class. He keeps lights off and dark the entire time you're taking notes.Talks very fast and doesn't care if you understand. SC is broken. Will give SC a bad yelp score too.
One of the worst professors I've had at USC.. extremely rude, doesn't fully answer questions clearly because he wants to get through his lecture at fast as possible.. and worst of all his tests are absolutely awful.. avoid this guy..he shouldn't even be teaching at all
James is an excellent lecturer. His presentations are organized, interesting and engaging. He's also just a really cool dude; very funny and helpful, both inside and outside of class. You need to attend his lectures and take good notes, but if you do that you'll never have homework (or reading) and you'll ace the tests. Great course.
Okay this class is not a death sentence. It's also not "an easy A" status - but you can get an A. Go to every lecture, take GREAT notes, skim the texts, and do good in labs (which is easy). Study hard - two midterms, 1 final, all multiple choice.
Awful professor! Do not take this class. If you are already enrolled in this course please rate this teacher poorly on student evaluations!
Quite possibly the worst class I've ever had at USC. The teacher is downright awful. He goes way too fast through his lectures, doesn't answer questions clearly and worst of all you have a field trip in the desert when it's 90 degrees and you are staring at rocks.....??
way too hard for a GE. seriously dont take this class.
Avoid at all costs.  Too much work and effort for what's supposed to be a basic GE. Lecture attendance is basically mandatory for notes, as blackboard powerpoints are intentionally missing captions. Tests are very difficult. Class graded on curve - 50% get C's, 50% get B's. Again, avoid at all costs.
He is a horrible professor who does not test what he teaches. I took clear notes, as well as his advice about sharing notes with others in the class and his midterms were still fail-bound. I took this GE, I repeat GENERAL EDUCATION course- not a professional geologist course- to boost my gpa and all it did was bring me down. Thanks for nothing.
Really nice guy who is enthusiastic about the subject. Class was humorous and enjoyable enough. Tests weren't too bad although there were some specific questions. Come to class, pay attention and you will be fine. The readings are basically a supplement, it is easy to get by without or simply skimming the text.
Midterm questions are not within the course curriculum. Lectures are boring and it's almost impossible to stay awake. I thought this class would be easy but it's easily the worst class I've ever taken in college. The field trip is so hot and boring that I considered taking my life by jumping into the crevice of a fault.
This guy is on power trip. Midterms are nearly impossible. I studied forever and still got a C+.
This professor is on a power trip and expects too much out of his students. He routinely humiliates students for asking what he thinks considers as bad questions. Very difficult class. The labs raise your grade but the two midterms are extremely technical and unfair.
Worst professor I've had at USC. He goes out of his way to try and flunk his students. He makes his tests harder than they need to be which is why out of a large lecture class of almost 200 students our class average was a D. He's extremely arrogant and thinks everyone needs to be a geologist.
Extremely Hard exams
GREAT class, was not expecting it when I signed up for a geology GE. Dolan is like Bill Nye, he has an infectious enthusiasm for the subject. Lecture is always entertaining. I never used the textbooks and didn't have an issue, midterms and exams straightforward if you attend lecture! Definitely go to class, much nicer than doing the reading instead
Really cool teacher who is energetic and made lecture worth my while.  Humorous guy who teaches in class well, but the midterms are very specific and so notes are very important in this class.  Lab is a joke.  It's how you get the easy points.  The worst part of this class, though, is the weekend field trip.  8am to 6 Saturday or Sunday, it sucked
Pretty funny guy. Says he hates to test his students but give 2 midterms and a final, which are all pretty hard. Overall, pretty good teacher, and i dont dread going to his class.
Fantastic class with fantastic teacher
I dont know why people complain so much about him. He's not easy nor hard, his tests cover his lectures only, he tries to make the class fun and you learn a lot. If you feel this class is hard and think he's a bad teacher is because you are a lazy person! If you cant listen seat and the front and PAY ATTENTION!!
Very hard
This is such a fun class! He knows what he is teaching and always make the class materials fun to learn. Only complain is that you would have to sit in the front of the classroom in order to listen clearly.
All topics are scattered, and tests are extremely hard.
his class is awful, he needs to learn how to talk to people and answer questions without making students feel stupid. he expects everyone to be a geology genius. he sucks, if you take his geol 240 class you will regret it
makes the subject matter unnecessarily hard. every tiny detail he says in lecture is fair game for the midterms and finals. he goes to fast and is unorganized and unfriendly when asking questions one-on-one. HATE THIS CLASS
i dont get why this teacher gets good marks. while he tries to make jokes, he talks to his students as if there babies and gives extremely hard tests that cover topics never discussed.
Dolan is a great guy. There is no homework, and the tests are based off of lectures, so attending is important. I would definitely recommend this class.
Dolan is great! He really does care about his students. He tries to lighten up the mood with jokes.. it doesn't always work- but I appreciate the effort on his part. He engages the class in discussion and is open for questions at any point. I may be an Earth Sciences major within the year after his course!
I was a bit skeptical about taking the class because it didn't seem like an interesting subject, but Dolan made the material interesting and easy to understand. His anecdotes are funny! Make sure to attend lecture because most of the tests are based on notes rather than the readings. His test format seems simple but the questions are a bit tricky.
Great professor for a GE. He makes the class fun and interesting. Very little homework or reading, it's practically all lecture, so if you attend class, you should be just fine.
Awsome, funny, teacher who makes everything really clear and as easy as possible.
756480	Mike	Sproul	37
Best professor ever.
The course is quite difficult unless you have a very strong economic background. The TA does the grading and the curve makes passing the course with a decent grade nearly impossible. There are 4 quizzes, but they're more like exams. The material he tests on is much harder than what he goes over in class or in his study guides. I hate this course.
Probably one of, if not, the best professor in the USC econ department. His voice can be monotonous at times, and sometimes the material is monotonous but his explanations are some of the clearest i have ever heard. His theories are smart, and he knows what he is talking about. Definitely recommend this class to any econ major.
Sproul is one of the better profs in the Econ dept. His explanations are very clear and he moves at a comfortable pace. He has 4 quizzes (60%) and a final, and after first quiz its more or less a history lesson about finance. Quizzes are pretty easy as long as you take good notes and look over them beforehand. Would take another class with him..
He likes to talk about the history of money and uses balance sheet A LOT to explain the same concepts over and over which may get boring. But overall the class materials is not too challenging and you get to pick up some finance you don't have prior exposure. Definitely an Intro class; Not an easy A but be fine as long as you study lec notes well.
avoid this professor. questions on quizzes are absolutely ridiculous. i dont think im learning anything. im sure his beginning micro and macro classes are easy, but the two upper division courses he teaches are bogus.
Eh... If you want to do well, go to lecture (random attendance bonus point!) and copy what he says verbatim. When studying, look for ways that he could trick you with details. He is not enthusiastically helpful and deliberately simplifies explanations so it feels easier than the quiz questions actually are. Dense material but not rocket science.
Some people seem to like this guy, I was not one of them.  Pulls questions out of thin air for tests.  Or maybe I'm just that stupid. Really dry material and a dry attitude to match.
Everything seems fine and dandy...UNTILL YOU GET YOUR FINAL GRADE. I got a mid-80s% as my final percentage in the course. However, I was given a C+ as my final grade.........
Monotounus professor so its hard to pay attention, but this does not bother me. His quizes are much more difficult then what we go over in class, so make sure to prepare well from them...you don't HAVE to go to class, but of course your grade will likely be higher if you do. I would recommend this course, I learned a ton, although it was hard.
Sproul is great. Explains the material very clearly, willing to help in office hours. Can be a bit montone, but is actually quite funny. Easy class as long as you pay attention. No textbook.
Sproul's tests are straight from his lecture. Don't buy the book. He rambles and is monotone, but as long as you copy down everything you're fine. Plus the only HW is posting one weeks worth of notes, so if you miss class they are always online. 6 quizzes (every other week) and one final is all you have. No effort in this class
Prof Sproul's teaching is brilliant. He knows what he is doing. I can clearly feel he has taught the same material for years. The only drawback is that he's so familiar with the topic that he doesn't change the topics for different classes. his ECON 500 has almost the same material as ECON 203. btw, he cannot convince me with his own backing theory
Extremly monotone professor, he is only teaching his backing theory by devaluing the macroeconomic theory principles. He is not open for any questions. I have never seen a class like this where everyone is so quiet, trying to get notes, and learn word by word without understanding the matherial.
The classes I had with him (203, 303) are heavily based on how well you do on the 6 quizzes. They are worth over half your grade. His quizzes are mostly from his lectures, definitely take good notes. He does have a monotone, but other than that, a very good lecturer.
Great.
one of the best professors i've ever had. very clear and easy to understand what he is lecturing about, if you ask a question he makes sure you understand before going on to the next topic. also quite a funny guy. can't wait to take another class with him
Don't even bother getting the textbook, everything you need for the tests are straight out from his lectures. He explains everything super clear and uses a lot of funny examples. Class was very enjoyable. In the end, I didn't even bother going to discussion. As long as you pay attention to his lectures, you are going to get an A for sure.
If you know the material, it's really easy. It's best to attend class & take good notes because the quizzes are based on the lectures. However, it is required to upload your notes to Blackboard (one week of notes, assigned alphabetically by last name), so if you miss a couple classes you can find the notes on BB. FYI NO NEED TO BUY TEXTBOOK!!!
If you go to class and take notes, his class is easy. He explains things carefully and methodically, and has a lot of interesting if not odd theories beyond the textbook. His quizzes at least this semester were graded on a huge curve. He also has a very dry sense of humor, which can sometimes be lost in his monotone speaking. Great teacher overall.
Attend class and this will be one of your easiest college classes, guaranteed. The professor has some old-ball theories, but for me that just demonstrates that he's really thought about it. His examples are very simple, easy to understand, and he repeats himself so as long as you try to pay attention and ask a question if needed, you'll do well.
wonderful professor. he does talk in a monotone, but he is actually quite funny, very knowledgeable, and as long as you are paying attention in class, the material is very easy to understand. not necessary to read the book, but it's a good supplment. 6 quizzes and a final. very easy. take notes and this class will be a breeze
Hard prof to tell if you like or not. He talks in a mono-tone so if you're not into the subject it's easy to tune out. He a bit soically awkward, but not too difficult to talk to if you need help. If you ask him a question off topic he struggles to answer it. But he is very simple with his explanations. You don't need to read the textbook. Got a A-
Avoid, avoid avoid if you want to learn anything that remotely deals with reality and economics.  He ruined my GPA this year and I didn't learn a thing.
Really hard. If you mess up on any quiz by a few points. Your grade will drop by a lot. Each point is extremely crucial.
This is probably my favorite class so far. His lectures are quite interesting and very easy to understand. There are 6 quizzes but if you pay attention and take notes every class it'll be a piece of cake.
His quizzes aren't difficult if you go to class. I think his lectures are interesting and you'll learn a lot. He has a monotone voice but his sense of humor makes up for his boring voice. One of my favorite professors.
he seem a good prof. but at the end you will know you thought wrong. if i know what i know now, i wouldn't have taken with him. if you want a good grade and to learn something important you can use in life,you should stay away. but if you like to know more about out dated, useless graph, then he is your teacher.
really good teacher! his lectures are very clear and if you attend class his exams are very straight forward.
Professor Sproul is brilliant, but the way he structures the course makes it extremely important to attend class. He gives a total of 6 quizzes that combine to form 70% of your grade. Essentially it's like having a mini midterm every other week. He posts a study guide before each quiz and has lots of great online resources. Definitely take him.
All of the exams and quizzes are so hard that they have steep curves.  Wether you pass or not depends on the curve.
stay away!
Too wrapped up in his own world of publishing papers to really care about the students.  Can't really teach for beans.  Doesn't relate to or care about students.  You never know what is going to be on his tests.  The material could come from anywhere, or even nowhere.
He is closer to a Nobel Prize than Obama should! It is amazed to hear a Econ professor is fighting against quantity theory. More amazed is he does convinced his students. Now I understand why economists always ****s.
Professor Sproul is a genius. I had him for ECON303 and 395. Class material is hard but it is easy to get high marks. 6 quizes and a Final. Quizes are every other week study guides are given for each quiz and only the material covered since the last quiz are on the quizes. Must go to class to understand. Take Sroul and actually learn something!
Everyone recommended Sproul to me for 303. I have to admit, the class wasn't that difficult, but I felt I was just running through the motions. The tests are all MC and you're basically tested on reproducing the notes from the two weeks prior to it. Overall it's fine, but it's a cakewalk class and not really one you'll remember.
Very good instuctor.  If you understand basic economics, this class wont be a problem.  He is very clear on what he teaches, and his knowledge of what he talks about is aweinspiring.  Highly recommended as a 300 level elective.
843837	Manochehr	Rashidian	37
I worked really hard. I understand how other students rated poorly on him but I feel like you just really have to read the textbook and do the homework and sample questions to get a good grade. He explains pretty well. It doesn't mean that he is a bad professor just because people didn't get good grades. You have to work, read, do the problems. 
I had to drop this course in the spring because I was failing. Took him for summer school and got a B-. It is one of those classes where effort is not enough, you have to really be smart. Try to take someone else if you care about your GPA.
This is the worst professor I have ever seen. Doesn't care about students and makes this course harder than it needs to. I received a D+ from this horrid professor and retook it with Narag and received a B+ (due to 1 major error on final). DO NOT TAKE ECONOMETRICS FROM HIM.
Lecture is not helpful, but if you use the textbook and old quizzes/tests you can do well in this class. You can not get by without studying, but the exams directly relate to the material in the textbook. You can teach yourself everything you need to know using the textbook.
Hardest class I've ever taken in my life. Requires LOTS of effort. Tip: But the study guide and do the practice exercises. It will help you big time because the quizzes, midterm, and final have no correlation to the hw. Read the textbook in advance, do the HW, and go to discussion every time, your TA will help you survive. Good luck!
While his lectures aren't particularly interesting, he is funny at times, and if you read the textbook and actually try on your homework assignments, the class is very doable. Usually the people complaining about this class are the ones that don't take the time to learn the material. A midterm, 4 quizzes (drops the lowest one), and a final.
Just. Don't. Do it.
This class may seem easy when you understand the lectures because he teaches directly from the book. But the quizzes and midterm are totally different and very hard. Doesnt help that he doesnt even provide the powerpoint lectures he shows in class. Avoid this class!!
Rashidian was a terrible professor. I thought it would be helpful that he taught straight from the power points provided by the textbook's publishers and assigned homework from the book; but then his quizzes and midterm/final seemed to come from some other source. Much of what he discussed in class wasn't on the exams, and vice-versa.
This is the most difficult class I took at USC but it didn't have to be. I had to get a tutor. YOU MUST do the homework. Easy points; a free twenty percent of the overall grade. YOU MUST show up. Write down everything he writes down. This will only give you a chance. Still going to be the hardest class you ever had! He's just not good at teaching!
Lectures not always the most exciting (uses textbook slides), but Rashidian certainly knows his stuff and when he goes off-slide, he can offer some very interesting info that isn't contained in the textbook.
Worst professor I've had! Unless you are an Econ genius, don't take this class. The tests are impossible, nothing like how he teaches it (which is not very well).  Won't answer your questions in class or in his office hours.  Teaches as if everyone understands Econ like he does, and if you don't, you will have a very hard time in the class.
The only reason to go to lecture is because he has a sign in sheet. He calls people out who come late and leave early. He isn't helpful at all but his lectures are straight from the textbook and quizzes aren't too difficult.
Lectures are pretty dull, probably because they are drawn verbatim from the textbook. Grading of homework is very lenient, and as long as you pay attention in lecture and read the textbook chapters, the quizzes aren't terribly difficult.
One of the worst professors i've ever had! Makes everything way more complicated than it needs to be.  Not helpful at all. expects everyone to understand econ like he does.  unless you'e an econ wiz, don't take this class
Extremely rude, takes attendance, high expectations, boring lecturer. Read the textbook, way more helpful than he is. Only positive: his tests are really easy
Professor Rashidian knows his stuff.  And this is also where the complements stop.  Although his tests aren't very difficult he is a rude professor who goes way too fast. I would take someone else.
he's a good professor, but he goes EXTREMELY FAST. (like at the speed of light) he would just move on to the next subject or jump between subjects and not explain them clearly so you get the concept. he also can be very mean/sarcastic sometimes, but DO NOT MISS A CLASS AND TAKE NOTES. DON'T EVER GET DISTRACTED! (i know its hard, but TRY!)
The most difficult B I've ever earned in college. This is not one of those classes you can BS your way through. You actually have to learn the material to do well. Hours of HW every week, but if you understand those problems, you're golden. Rashidian is a stats guru and despite the enormous amount of stress I had with this class, I learned a lot.
Rashidian is a boss. The guy really knows his stuff and as long as you go to class and do the homeworks, you'll be fine. Go to office hours if you have a problem and he'll help you out. Really sarcastic too which makes the class much more enjoyable.
This class is tough, but if you attend class and take notes, you'll be fine. His exams are pretty much from what he does in class. He is very helpful. It's not THAT bad!
I honestly don't understand why he has such bad ratings. I am really enjoying his class. He is very friendly, funny and willing to help. This class is definitely not easy, but with his help, it's not that bad at all. I am planning on taking one of his classes next semester again.
Probably one of the most difficult classes I've ever had.  Thankfully, the curve is pretty steep.  His tests are based on the homework, so you HAVE to do the homework and do it over and over again to make sure you understand the material.  Make sure you've memorized those formulas.  The good thing is, he always willing to help during office hours.
Not a good teacher - makes everything 10x more complicated than it really is.  Terrible at explaining concepts, picks on students, and keeps class late in order to meticulously record attendance.
I get good grade in this class because I am a memorizing equations machine. Do not take him if you doesn't have this special skill like me.
Horrible professor! The TA's 2 hour review session was more helpful, clear, and concise than the month that Rashidian took to teach the same material. It's possible to do well, you just have to devote a LOT of time and be able to memorize equations.
Do not take
This is one of the worst teachers I've ever had. He thinks he's teaching in the soviet union or something. Tests are hard, lectures are next to useless. Everyone in class just reads their books and teaches themselves. Unfortunately he's the only teacher that teaches econometrics, so you might as well get used to him if your in the econ program.
If you get lost in this class in once, you're in big trouble because as any other class all the chapters build off each other, except this material is hard as sh**. Tests are so random, never know what to expect, and even the homework doesn't help you. Good Luck passing this class, no wonder a third of the students have to re-take.
Sarcastic. And strict with attendance and punctuality stuff. He doesn't let you use your computer or cell phone during classes. But I think his lectures ARE really useful considering it's such a hard subject. And his sarcasm makes the lectures less boring too. (lol) Overall I do like him and his class (even though I hated the subject).
i'm satisfied with my grade.
His lectures are not helpful at all. Gets his material straight from the book and if you leave in the middle of the class for bathroom, he will stop the lecture to ask you where you're going, which is embarassing and unnecessary.
great teacher. if you attend the class and really pay attention you will definitely get a good grade. The thing about him that I didn't like is that he is not organized  and that sometimes he wastes time by responding to those students who make nonsense comments. Other than that he is great and I definitley advise any student to take his class
Prof. Rashidian is great. It's a fun class, even if it is a boring/hard subject. His sarcasm is really playful and appreciated. He is definitely the guy to take 317 with, as he really prepared us for 414 (which he also teaches). Tests are straight forward, as is grading, generous with the EC to if you need it. The book is also tops.
Always pretend to be nice, but sucks! Take revenge against students not showing up.
tests suck, professor curves like you wouldn't believe, just try and you will easily pass!
No Comments
600407	Larry	Londre	37
Larry's Intro to Advertising is one of the best classes that I have taken at USC. He approaches the class in a very modern and practical way. Almost every class has a guest speaker that provides useful insights from working professionals in the Advertising business.
Excellent class!! Larry is incredibly insightful and keeps the class engaged the entire time. He sets up three agency tours each semester (go to all of them!) and brings in guest speakers every week. You work on an advertising campaign all semester and it is so rewarding at the end. I absolutely loved advertising after this class. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Practical, useful information for finding out what I want to do in my career. Great to awesome speakers. Final advertising project is a must to experience. Learning each time in class. Would highly recommend.
He's so rude and arrogant and it's definitely not worth it to enroll in an entire semester of his class. Biggest mistake by far.
Not bad. FAR too many speakers. Eman, for example, is cool and all but he doesn't really bring anything useful. But, it's a survey course of advertising and I suppose having people from the industry come can help. Other than that, fairly straight forward. Just work on the presentation and be in class. Get to know your group well.
Larry is awful. Rambles incoherently. Lectures are over 2.5 hrs long, a good teacher could teach it in half an hour. Guests are good, all from the real world. Company tours are quite helpful. Final project is fun, gives good experience. Material is easy, but his tests are so subjective that its tough to get a grade that reflects your knowledge.
This class was okay. Sometimes the lectures dragged. On the other hand some of the guest speakers were amazing. This class offers a pretty good overview of the advertising industry. Larry is a decent professor who isn't afraid to call you out.  My one major complaint is that he will tell you a hundred times over that he got a 3.97 at USC. enough.
He is the best USC instructor ever. He brings in a lot of real world professional guest speakers and provides us the opportunity to visit real world advertising agency. His class is easy if you work with members who are really willing to work.
This was a great class! You get different industry perspectives from a variety of accomplished guest speakers and former students and the team project is a very practical and exciting experience. Larry is helpful and passionate about advertising. This class is helpful for a variety of majors and minors and definitely recommended!
This is by no means a &quot;must take class.&quot; It's pretty easy if you get placed in a good group for the project. Larry brings in a lot of guest speakers which would be great if he would let them talk instead of constantly interrupting (like he does in class discussions). He seems more eager to prove how great and experienced he is than actually teach.
Amazing Amazing class! Larry is a great professor with a plethora of contacts, which he strategically uses to better the class. The guest speakers that he schedules give really interesting/helpful advice for anyone trying to break into the world of Advertising. I highly recommend JOUR340 with Larry.
Larry's the best professor! He is approachable, interesting, intellectual, cares for his students and introduce u to the real world of advertising. He organizes tours to big advert. companies, brings valuable guest speakers to class! Time flies by when ure in his class.Definitely take dis class! It worth it! I'm gonna minor in advert. cause of this
Such a great class! Wonderful professor who is totally approachable and extremely well-versed about the world of advertising. Also, very cool and knowledgable guests!
Larry Londre is one of the best teachers I have had. His class is great and I learned so much--no useless activities or projects, it ALL relates to what the do in the real advertising world. He made me fall in love with advertising and want to pursue it after college. Thanks Larry!!
The class is interesting and Larry obviously knows a lot about the advertising industry. He brought in great speakers, but his own lectures tended to be dry and more about how experienced he is than the actual material. Unfortunately, he is a bad listener in class discussions and is quick to interrupt students or dismiss their comments.
Very helpful class
Great teacher. must take this class.
amazing amazing teacher, best class I have ever taken
professor londre is entertaining and provdies a great learning experience through visits to actaul advertisig companies, guest speakers from the industry and other industries, and his personal experiences. He also has a great sense of humor and cares about helping students. Also, the project gives you an idea of what advertising work will be like.
This class was based in advertising theory but we got a valuable learning experience from creating a campaign from start to finish. The lectures and guest speakers give insight into the business and how to succeed. Take this class if you want to work on your portfolio for a future career, or if you're just interested in the field. Loved it.
great teacher, great guest speakers, valuable learning experience.  he is very willing to help students and the project is very hands on and a great experience as well
This was probably my favorite class I've taken at USC.  I really learned a lot from Londre's real world experience and from all the guest speakers he brought in.  No matter what you do, this class will be useful!
If you are at all interested in advertising, take this class!
The BEST class I have taken in SC. I absolutely LOVED the class! Not only is he a great teacher, but he also has a sense of humor and genuinely cares abour his students. In addition, Londre does an excellent job of providing you with real world skills. LOVED IT!  PS: TAKE THIS CLASS!
JOUR 340 is amazing.  Larry is a lot of fun.  The classes can be a bit odd at first, but once you get used to it, you will really enjoy it.He brings in industry professionals who are at the top of the business.  He also provides tours of the top agencies in LA.  This access is invaluable!  Take this class if you have any interest in advertising!
Great class. Worth taking in every sense. Professor Londre is awesome. You gain an across the board understanding of the advertising industry. You get to learn from many insightful guest speakers. Your grade is mainly based on the semester long project you work on. The midterm is easy and there is no final. Overall the class is very enjoyable.
I had a good time in Larry's class.  The speakers were extremely helpful and gave me a better perspective on careers in advertising.  The project was not difficult and was somewhat of a good time.  Overall, I would recommend this class if you're at all interested in advertising.
I don't know what the last person is talking about: Larry is a great professor, and very helpful. Speakers were great, and agency visits were great. I recommend this class! Btw, I got an A, too!
not as great as everyone claims. i got an A but i didn't feel he really had a grasp on the material he was trying to explain to us. ppt lectures were boring and repetitive. speakers seemed to know about more real life experience than he did and taught it better too.
Great speakers, great projects, great class, great professor!
Larry is a great teacher-- the class is fun and a great learning experience for people serious about advertising as well as those just interested in learning.  The class has a lot of extranneous videos, games, etc that Larry likes to bring in, but all in all it's a fun, valuable class, definately worth taking.  I got an internship with Larry's help
While the class was easy and you learned quite a bit from the guest speakers and doing the final project, the lectures and powerpoints were often boring and repetitive.  It was definitly sometimes hard to get through the class because of how dense the material being presented was, when a 3 hour lecture could have been fit into a 1 hour time period.
Great course.  Most interesting I've taken at USC.  Larry is also the most helpful professor I've had in terms of trying to find a job/internship.
A wonderful professor! We had the most amazing people in the field (from all different backgrounds) come in and speak to us. He also set up a tour of Chiat Day (most amazing place I've ever been to). His class has got to be the most rewarding class I've taken at USC- or ever!  Honestly, because of his class I know exactly what I want to do!
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
170466	Christopher	Gould	37
Dr. Gould is a tyrant, for sure, but he's also extremely helpful if you actually try to get help. Always answers emails on the same day, has office hours, and is always on campus anyway, so you can find a way to meet with him. If you pit in the effort, you can definitely get an A, but this isn't going to be a class for which you can brush off work.
Worst professor in Physics! He just follows the book and go over the problems, upset when you ask a question. Avoid at all cost!
The worst teacher I've ever had. He makes the simplest topics seem way harder than they are and he spends all lecture doing a problem he doesn't even finish. Avoid at all costs unless you enjoy being depressed.
Terrible professor, avoid at all costs! You will regret not taking the honors physics or any other alternative.
Good lecturer with draconian policies and slightly easy tests.
midterms and finals not even close to homeworks or quizes. homework due everyday at midnight, mandatory attendance. talks down his students. problem with our school is we do not have enough choices of good professors per class so you're stuck with whoever they assign that semester,good or bad, if you want to graduate on time.a lot of bad profs @ SC
Difficult to understand, often goes into long tangents are seemingly pointless things. In one instance, he spent a solid fifteen minutes explaining the difference between the omega and the letter "w". Overall the class grade you get is a measure of your own ability to teach yourself physics and the level of knowledge you had coming into the class.
Incredibly rude to students who asked questions. Not very helpful. Clicker questions everyday require attendence, which isn't an issue. Weekly quizzes were fairly difficult. Not great at explaining. Just a generally unpleasant professor to deal with on a regular basis.
I hated this class but got an A. Gould talks down at students, no matter the question asked. Weekly quizzes were sometimes difficult but doable. Midterms and final were fairly hard, and often used problems never seen before. Homework due at midnight 5 days a week: miserable. Clickers in lecture. But most of all, his attitude was the worst. AVOID.
He explains the concepts in very easy, understandable terms (although it can sound like he is talking down to us). The midterms and final are difficult but only worth a small portion of the grade. Homework and quizzes are worth the same amount as the midterms which can be a grade-raiser. My interest in physics was raised because of this class.
Although he can be a little intimidating he's really a great, understanding professor if you take the time to talk to him. Tests require a lot of studying, but if you actually do the work and understand the material, they're do-able. He takes time to answer e-mails promptly and is willing to help anyone who needs it. I thought he was great.
Gould has literally crushed my hopes and dreams of ever wanting to enjoy physics. He has dug the deepest, saddest, darkest hole and has tossed every one of his &quot;students&quot; in there. Everything he says and does completely ruins any interest in physics. I am sorry for every student who has to take his class. He is the only teacher. I know your pain.
He is really frustrating. Spends an entire lecture on one problem that he never even finishes. Overall, please avoid this class.
Makes basic physics principles confusing, and has students leaving class more lost then when they came in. And he forces you to go to class by having clicker questions, and the homework is all online, which is not easy or useful
WORST professor ever! He is one condescending individual. Like what the previous comments mentioned, this guy spends all his time deriving equations. His lectures are basically useless, but you're forced to go because of clickers. Keep doing past exam problems, and you will do well on the exams. The entire final consisted of recycled problems.
Very pompous, spends the whole time deriving equations. Homework is time consuming and mostly useless. You have to go to class because of clicker points. Most likely, if you're taking him, its b/c its your only choice. Just study all of the old exams for the midterms and finals and you will do alright, its mostly plugging and chugging.
Please avoid taking this professor-his attitude is not good and it makes you not enjoy class or Physics at all.  I once went to office hours to talk about a bad exam and he responded by giving me bad attitude and a lecture on how &quot;he's never met anyone who benefited from a tutor.&quot;  Puts people down and also calls on random people in class. Avoid
from what I've seen in class, somethings wrong with his attitude.
He doesn't really teach, he takes a whole period to go over a problem and he doesn't even finish it or explain it well. Have to go to class because he takes attendance. Have to teach yourself everything. Overall bad teacher, bad attitude, do not recommend his class.
Arrogant. Confusing lectures. Expects you to derive equations yourself and teach yourself from the book. Very condescending. It would be more beneficial to read your textbook at home but he takes attendance for a grade. He spends an hour explaining clickers but glosses over important material in lecture.
Gould is a character. He has a redeeming side but sort of comes off as an evil scientist with his formal and pretentious vocabulary. Not the worst teacher ever, but didn't do a good job teaching the material for 304. Majority of questions on homework werent done in class. Would spend entire lecture on one problem then forget a minus sign.
Focuses on derivation of formulas, did little to teach how to use formulas and solve problems. Hard exams, but with large curves.
One of my favorite teachers by far! Although physics isn't my ideal subject, I learned a lot by paying attention to this professor. Also, he was helpful in responding to e-mails and answering questions outside of class. Thumbs up
Great!
He is great, he gives you the easy way to solve problems compared to the hard way. I love how he shows you his way to solve and give sentences that you'll remember forever that will always remind you how to solve the problem the correct way. If at all possible do take during the summer, you'll absolutely love his class!
Worst Professor Ever! Arrogant and rude, answers questions with &quot;it's trivial&quot; all the time, makes you feel stupid, calls students out by name in class. Avoid him at all costs!
worst professor i've ever seen in my life. don't take him!
He assignes quite a bit of homework. And the tests are difficult.
Not helpful, assumes you are stupid
The SI leaders were extremely helpful--definitely use them if you have Gould!
A good professor that is good at lecturing. He's one of the few professor whose lecture i didn't fell asleep at. His exam is fair. However, i agree he's a little arrogent.
Very arrogant and rude!  I once wrote him an email criticizing him for posting hw assignments online late in the week (giving us only a day or two to complete) and he fired back at me thinking he was god or something.  Avoid at all costs!
He's a good lecturer and writes fair tests.  The sample tests were very helpful for studying.  I did all the sample tests I could find.
No Comments
No Comments
Very approachable, knowledgeable about physics, and patient with questions.
the worst prof i've ever had
1480421	Richard	Tontz	36
Great Professor and class that made me interested in Economics! Extremely engaging and gives practical examples. The course is heavily theory focused.
One of the worst teachers. Simply does not know how to explain the concepts. Do not take his class
As long as you go to the lecture an pay attention you'll be fine. Don't expect to be able to skate through this class by memorizing a couple formulas and regurgitating them on tests-- this class is very focused on theory (as it should be). If you read his notes and pay attention in class, you'll be fine and will learn a lot of valuable knowledge.
A great professor. His lectures are clear and he uses interesting examples and stories to support his points. If you like theories more than maths in economics, then he is the right professor to take. His lessons are closely relevant to the business in real life. But make sure to memorize the definitions of his terms to do well on his tests.
The worst professor i've taken.
Tontz is a great person. He's entertaining, funny, and genuinely cares about econ. He certainly is a character. He provides examples to relate topics to real life models. Without prior knowledge of econ, the class may be difficult and confusing. Good teacher choice if you're willing to sacrifice some instruction for a cool, laidback professor.
Boring, dry, and many times irrelevant lectures, but the class is easy. Attendance not mandatory, powerpoints/notes are online. Tests are really easy if you're not stupid due to the curve, quizzes are hard.
manageable if you've taken econ before...if not, then prepare for lectures filled with irrelevant stories and generally unhelpful classes. you'd be better off just studying the book and skipping class. do not recommend at all
Tontz knows his stuff. His tests are exactly what he lectures on, and if you have any questions before a test, just read a paragraph of the book and it'll clear everything up. Go to class, and you'll do well. Easy, right? Some people bomb his tests, and then you realize that it's because they never showed up to class. Freshman aren't the brightest.
Very clear and very helpful. Class is interesting with his stories. Tests are a pretty good representation of what he taught. One of the best professors I've taken.
I took Professor Tontz spring 2012 (was ECON251) and absolutely loved him. More conceptual than quantitative. Presents a concept and follows it with multiple understandable examples and makes sure everyone gets it. HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend him if you want a solid understanding of economics. Very approachable, helpful, and will answer all questions.
Mr. Tontz is a special professor with great experience. He know how to teach and uses very valuable techniques with life experiences. Take this class with him and you will know so much about economics. For high grades you need to study hard. If you do it you will be fine. I enjoyed the class with Mr. Tontz. Thank you professor Tontz.
Prof. Tontz is a wonderful professor who has passionate in teaching and helping his students. His lecture is not mandatory, but it is very useful for you to come to all of the classes. Homework is collected at the end of the semester. And his tests are mostly based on powerpoint as well as textbook. You will learn a lot about econ by taking him.
Proffesor Tontz has been one of the most helpful teachers I've had at USC. Never have taken Econ before, but I was able to follow lectures well. Makes class interesting by having real life exampls. Always available during office hours. exam material directly from lecture notes. Go 2 class and do the work, you will def do well. He's very fair
DO NOT TAKE HIM. YOU WILL REGRET IT. Econ is not super hard, it's just that he's full of himself. If you enjoy slacking/skipping, he's for you. But if you wanna go to class DON'T. 2 Midterms, 1 Final. No attendance. NOT helpful in explaining. VERY subjective. FULL of himself and his past. Cancels 6 classes and expects us to know material anyways.
Not impossibly hard...if you took micro already...if not, prepare to teach yourself quite a bit. He spent a whole day on a pointless transaction cost story (barely tested) and breezes through harder topics, like game theory in 40 minutes. He does not follow book closely either. Not a very effective teacher.
very interesting stories of his life. no attendance taken. no homework. 2 midterms, 1 final. pretty chill. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
no need to attend lectures. just read the book and it's an easy pass. no homework, even though it says it on the syllabus. not too hard to get a good grade if you read the book.
As long as you read the book (but I mean actually READ it) and look over his powerpoints, you're good. Don't have to go to class. I'd actually recommend not going to class & using that time to read the book instead. He tells interesting stories, but the stories aren't really gonna help you for the test.
Professor Tontz is very intelligent and enthusiastic about class. Eager to teach students difficult concepts and very helpful at office hours. His tests are lecture/power-point based so make sure to understand all his concepts to do well. If you know them, fairly easy to do well and the curve helps
Professor Tontz is a professor like non other at USC, a culmination of an effective teaching style, lots of valuable world views, and wonderful person. PRepare well for all his exams and I would definitely recommend him for Econ!
Very good Econ Professor, loved the stories. for once i actually looked forward to attending class. lol. The tests were not easy, but if you study (like any other class) you will do well. haven't gotten my grades yet, but hoping to do well. also very easy to talk to, if you are having problems, after class or office hours.
The class over all isn't that difficult. Since he doesn't go of the book its not mandatory but its always nice to have for additional examples. All of the material comes from power point slides & class notes for the exams. Understand them and you should have no problem. If you want an A attend all his classes even though he doesnt make it mandatory
One of the Easiest professors you could ever ask for. If you have taken Micro Econ like many transfer studens this class is a Breeze. Study the power point slides don't buy the book and your set. He does have some great Real world situations that incorporates economics. If you have a problem understanding a concept just ask and he will explain it.
Tontz has pretty interesting lectures, he's funny, and he's smart. However, he doesn't care about his students at all. His tests are really hard. The general breakdown for the class is 40% for 2 midterms, 20% for homework, and 40% for the final. However, for my semester, he didn't assign homework, so the final was 60% of our grade.
He didn't give homework all semester and then three days before the finals gives 12 assignments only tofind that it's not allowed. So now the final is worth 60 points. Cancelled our last class five minutes before it was supposed to start. He is very smart, but they class is really hard.  All tests are difficult multiple choice that deal with theory
Hands down the worst professor I ever had. Picks favorites & said not come to office hours. Everytime I ask him a question you can tell he doesn't care. Assigns us homework 3 days before the final, then cancels it, taking out a 20% distribution and making the final worth 20% more. Can he even do that&#63; I just spent $50 on an access code for nothing.
He's extremely knowledgeable and clear during lectures. But exams are tremendously hard and everybody gets around 70s out of 99. If you like to learn real stuff and dont that care about grade, TAKE HIM; if you want a solid A, PUT A LOT OF EFFORT OR AVOID HIM
Honestly, I never read the textbook. His tests are directly from his powerpoint presentations, and if you study them (and understand them), you are sure to get an A. He has very interesting real world examples that relate to the subject matter. I highly recommend him.
Tontz is knowledgeable, well-educated, humorous and has a lot of life experience; however, his lectures do not prepare students for his difficult and in depth tests. If you read the textbook, attend lecture and have taken microeconomics in the past, you should make a grade in the &quot;A&quot; or &quot;B&quot; range.
Never read the book, though I did study hard via his powerpoints and classnotes. The entire grade is based on 3 difficult scantron exams  (class average was in the low C / high D range). I earned low C's on the exams, and after the curve, earned a solid B in the class. Lectures can be interesting, but he certainly isn't the best professor out there
Very nice guy. BUT A TERRIBLE TEACHER. Powerpoints are basically common sense stuff, the you open the book and its very tough; you basically have to teach your own. Tests are much harder than they should be.... DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER. Take another one.
Terrible teacher. His slides are useless and I've taken micro econ twice now, and he by far was the worst teacher of it. Avoid at all costs
I've been in college 3 years now and he is by far the worst professor I've had.  Tests have nothing to do with lectures and don't relate to the concepts in the book. 2 midterms (25% each) and 1 cumulative final (50%). Went into his office hours for help and he basically told me to leave and read the book (which I had been doing on a regular basis)
I only had him for a two unit business class but he's interesting and easy. I would definitely recommend him.
Great teacher if you have already taken Microeconomics. If you haven't, then I don't recommend him as he does NOT focus on the important concepts; he vaguely glosses over them and doesn't focus on what you should be learning. I made a strong A in his class while everyone else made a struggling B/C. Overall, I do not recommend. Also teaches at CSUN.
490523	Taha	Al-Sabea	36
Take his couse only if you are not in Economics major. If you are majoring in Econ and want to take it seriously, you should take other professors'
The class is so easy its stupid. You don't learn a thing.  As long as you read the chapters he assigns in the book, you'll be fine, but don't expect him to directly teach you anything, he just rambles about random stories during lecture.
I don't understand the bad comments about him. Both ECON 205 and 203 is extremely easy with him and A should be guaranteed without a lot of work. Make sure he knows you. He is extremely hilarious too.
he goes off on tangents every lecture. no one shows up to lecture; the only one you should go to is the last few before the midterm because he goes over what he is putting on the exams. if you read the book and know it, you will be fine on the exams. you have to have a good TA to do well in this class
This guy doesn't make sense during lectures. And the reason people are advised to take him is because he was easy, but his TA's write the tests now so they have become hard. He doesn't help students and is pretty dumb
He is a useless professor with a heart of gold.  If you go to his office hours once and sit in the front you have a guaranteed A.  Just read the book and go to discussion.
Do NOT take this professor. You will regret it so intensely if you do. Hard and off-topic, and in that he is consistent.
So hard. not at all what I had heard. Don't know how ppl got A's. Have to be a mind-reader to know what questions he puts on the test.
omfg... too hard for a pre-major requirement. Take another guy.
Pretty challenging class... not an easy A. Somewhat confusing lectures, hard tests.
Not cool... too hard for a pre-major course
HARD class.. I struggled so much to get by with a B, and I took AP Econ back in high school and a got 3 on it. Take only if there are no other better professors out there..
definitely not worth the 4 units, tough class
Yeah this class used to be easy, but please look at the more recent comments. He's much tougher now.. tests are hard and long and you have to read a whole bunch of material.. I think he caught on. No longer an easy A.
Funny guy, class is easy but that doesnt mean you dont have to study for tests. Tests straight out of the book. Funny stories in class, dont expect to learn much though. He talks about south coast plaza and san diego almost every lecture. Worth going to class once a week or so.
AWFUL. Class used to be easy because it was multiple choice - now you have to write in answers, meaning you have to know what you're talking about and he can't help with that. His lectures are irrelevant for tests - dont go to class, instead study at home.
He tends to go off on irrelevant things for the entire lecture, but is somewhat amusing. Make sure that you do all the quizzes and Homework. Make sure you buy the book.
if you want an easy class, you can take his, just read the book and you will be fine,But if you want to learn something, don't!! His lecture is boring and totally irrelevant!
This guy is so hilarious in class, keeps me entertained with the crazy stuff he says.  Just make sure you go to class the day after your midterms, he'll make sure you get a good grade.
Al-sabea is a really easy teacher if you take the time to introduce yourself and always go to class.  then he will take care of you in the grading.  if he knows who you are, he almost always gives you an A.
HIS LECTURES ARE IRRELEVANT TO CLASS BUT YOU HAVE TO GO IF YOU WANT HIM TO LIKE YOU.
DONT TAKE HIM - the class is no longer multiple choice - its now all short answer and drawing your own graphs. and now ATTENDANCE IS REQUIRED even though he doesn't talk about anything relevant.
This guy is amazing.  He really makes class fun, and class is so EASY.  Mid-terms you might need to study for, but TA's are good teachers.
EASY EASY EASY
Nice guy, but not that great of a Prof. The exams are not curved but they are super easy Multiple Choice(3 midterms,final)Also, there are 6 easy HW sets. In lecture he rarely talks about Econ. If you are an Econ major take someone else, but if you are looking for an easy A take him. Caution USC found out he was too easy, his class may change.
Lecture was okay, he's a reasonably interesting and informative person, but there was no connection between what he taught and what was on the graded assignments. If you're planning on simply reading the book before tests, you'll do fine, but if you expect him to do the teaching, you're SOL.
He'll go off some tangents... but class is not mandatory at all, just read the book and go to discussion.
Great teacher. I rarely paid attention in class when I went. He tells funny stories and I think he rarely even taught anything about economics. I didn't do much work except for study for the tests and the final and I got an A-.
He's funny and incorporates a lot of personal stories.
This is the easiet class I have taken at USC. You do not need to go to class and can easily still get an A.
Mr. A IS pretty easy...you would have to be an idiot to fail.  He tells you what you need to know and is very helpful to give understanding.  You WILL learn and it is not at all a boring class.
This guy is easy, funny and tells u exactly what is going to be on every test. If you want an A, and dont want to have to worry about missing class...take his class. I took 2 econ classes with this guy--awesome!
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
he was really informative, even though he tells a lot of stories, he relates them back to the subject and makes lecture much more interesting.
34374	Anthony	Borquez	36
Very relevant if you want to make games for a career.  Midterm involved a lot of writing, but no final exam, just a project.
One of the best classes I have taken at USC.  I learned stuff you typically don't get from books or boring professors.  He teaches you about real world problems, how to work with teams, and ultimately how to level yourself up.  Definitely a class worth taking.
Great professor. Super knowledgeable guy, knows everything there is to know n the industry. Brings in superb guest speakers to share their entrepreneurial stories. Decent amount of work but still not very tough.
Prof Borquez is very knowledgeable in the game industry.  He specializes in game production.  We did game jams for both Riot Games and Blizzard. epic.
Tech Entrepreneurship was the best class I have taken at USC.  Real world experiences building a tech startup and inspirational lectures from Anthony and his networks of high-level CEOs.
Great overview of the video game business.  Lots of group projects and awesome experience building multiple games. Prof has solid knowledge of mobile and console games.
I really enjoyed the game jams and the interactive lecture format.
Best games class at USC.  We built 4 games and learned real world game production.
Game jams in class are awesome.   Don't miss the Lego lecture,  it's the only class that teaches scrum  at usc.
Amazing professor. He's still currently working in the game industry so he definitely knows what he's talking about. Some readings to do for the midterm but not too bad. Never used any game making programs but the projects were still doable. We went to the Riot Games' headquarters and will soon head to Blizzard.
Great class.  Hideo Kojima came to our class and he may be teaching in the future.  Lots of good experience building prototype games.
Pretty easy and really fun class. No prior programming experience required but it helps when it comes time to do your projects (otherwise be prepared to grind through them). You get a lot of insider info from his years in industry and the guest speakers but for the most part, I felt like the projects and pitches were the best learning tools.
Great class if you want experience building games with teams.  I built 3 games and several prototypes.  They started using Unity toward the end of class which hopefully will be used more.
Took this class last semester.  Very fun class.  Make sure to come to class when you have to build a game in class...he gives out games as prizes.
My favorite class at USC thus far
My class had students from different majors, Cinema, Engineering, Business and others.  As a CS major, there is not a lot of programming but many group projects and game building assignments.  Contests during class were cool.  Great guest speakers and field trip.
Class is divided into technical and creative.  there is only one semester- long project but good experience
great class if you want to make a game for facebook.
If you already like video games, then this class will be super easy. All you really have to do is do all the projects to get a good grade. Go to all the classes because they're pretty fun/interesting anyways. You don't really need any of the textbooks though, so save your money.
This was a class on social games.  Very industry focused.  We wrote a book and made a game.  Lots of work for 2 units, but worth it!
Awesome class
I'm a business major and thought the assignments were hard, but the class was real-world topics and informative.
I'm only a sophomore, but this was the best class i've taken at USC thus far.  We went on field trips, including Blizzard.  Best part of the class was creating two games from scratch. The software was basic, but this was only an intro class.
Class is heavily focused on industry topics.  Great guest speakers and interesting lectures.  As a CS major, not much in terms of programming, but great overview of the games industry.
I want a refund from USC. I have never ecountered a lecture who is late and drops names in the business.  I asked to provide details on the programing and he didnt know.  Why would you pay for someone who doesnt have a technical degree. The guy says he has a biz degree but NO MBA.  This class and lecture pulls down the education at USC.
Class is fairly easy and he just gives grades.  Overall, the info he teaches is dated and he really isnt that too technical.  He says that he is but I am focusing on CS and he doesnt even have a technical degree.  He comes to class unprepared and tries to get good reviews by giving away grades.  For game novice, its good but not TOO impressive.
Great guy.  Totally loves the subject matter and relays it.  The class is basically recruitment for his mobile games division, so if you want to get a job.. impress the hell out of him.  MAKE SURE he knows who you are, don't stay silent.  Make an awesome first game project, and he will love you.
Make a good game and he'll love you. The class is basically game-making practice. You aren't going to learn anything substantial.
No Comments
I've taken 4 classes with him and they were the best classes I took in college.  If you want to do well in his class just talk to him and make sure he knows who you are.
He is the only good ITP professor.  He ALWAYS postpones the project due dates, he will also help you with answers on the midterms.  He pretty much tells you what will be on all the tests.  He also gives major extra credit points.  Take him for sure.
No Comments
so hot
He was the first non-nerd computer teacher
No Comments
No Comments
1476408	Michael	Wissot	35
GREATEST CLASS I HAVE EVER TAKEN AT USC! WISSOT IS LIKE NO OTHER PROFESSOR! I WILL NEVER FORGET THIS CLASS BECAUSE EVERYTHING I LEARNED HAS BEEN APPLICABLE TO MY LIFE AND CAREER! VERY HARD TO GET AN A IN THIS CLASS, BUT IT'S WELL WORTH WHAT YOU LEARN! (THIS POST DESERVED ALL CAPS WRITING) ONE OF THE BEST PROFESSORS AT USC WITHOUT A DOUBT!!! 
Mr Wissot was one of the toughest professors I've ever had. That being said, he was inspiring and taught me more than anything I could learn in a textbook. He wants you to succeed and he will always make himself available to help you with the assignments and projects. Small class with fun activities to bring you out of your shell.
Prof Wissot is one of the best profs at the entire university. He pushes his students HARD and does not settle for anything less than your best effort. If you are looking to take a class that will push you to become a better studentperson, then this is it. Everyone taking the class has this mindset, making for an awesome small class experience.
Put yourself out there and take the challenge. The class is not for the faint of heart. Through speeches, vocal exercises, and open collaboration, Professor Wissot pushes you to be the best version of yourself. He's tough but absolutely fair. If you give your everything, you will see results. A True Metamorphosis with Wissot. A+
Take his class! Wissot is truly the best prof at SC. He pushes you to achieve your potential and yes it requires a bit of work, but at the end of the day you grow A LOT as a person and a speaker. Youd think a guy so successful (Google him!) would be hard to reach, he replies your emails almost instantly, at length with great feedback. So take it.
Wissot is the best professor I've had at USC. He owns his own communications company, has managed and contributed to multiple presidential and congressional campaigns, and written speeches for high profile political figures. He truly cares about making you the best public speaker you can be and if you work hard, he is willing to mentor you.
Michael Wissot is by far the best professor I've had at USC. He sets high expectations for his students which can be trying at times, but I've left his classes with more practical knowledge, a higher degree of confidence and stronger writing skills-- making it all worth it. Wissot is a friend to his students and goes out of his way to help them.
Everyone has said it but it's true, Wissot is the best! Be ready to be put on the spot but it'll be good for you! Wissot's assignments are created so that you can tailor them to your specific areas of interest and get the most out of the experience. He will go out of his way to help you pinpoint your comm. strengths and areas for improvement.
This class is the BEST class you will ever take at USC: 1) it is a very hands-on class--you don't just sit around listening to lecture every day 2) You WILL improve(it's practically a guarantee). Wissot is intimidating,inspirational and difficult but if you put in the blood, sweat & tears, you will definitely come out a better student AND person.
Professor Wissot is hands down the BEST professor I have ever had. His class challenges you in the best way and you come out with a better sense of career goals and how to achieve them. More than just a class and professor, Wissot will do anything he can to help you with whatever you need at any time, most especially networking.
Professor Wissot is by far the best professor I've had during my time at USC. He pushes you to work your hardest, proving that passion and determination to succeed will pay off. He is very helpful outside of class time as well, always willing to quickly reply to e-mails and meet outside of class if needed. I recommend taking any course he teaches.
I graduated 2 years ago and still apply what I've learned from Wissot's class on an everyday basis. Do not take this class if you're not willing to step outside your comfort zone. Professor Wissot truly cares about his students and will push you to boundaries you thought never existed. He is hands down one of the best mentors you can learn from!
One of my favorite professors at USC.  Challenged me to bring my best to every class and was so instrumental in helping me achieve my professional goals.  Will make you a more effective communicator and prepare you for your next internship, your next job and your last job.  Every student at USC should take this class.
Best professor I have had in all 4 years.Pushes students to achieve their personal best through applicable work. Wissot goes far above and beyond the call of duty, mentoring students outside of class on assignments and outside work, even on weekends. Even generously reaches out to his own contacts, helping students achieve professional goals. TAKE!
Best mentor and professor I have ever had. He truly cares about helping you achieve your career goals.
Wissot is a no-BS professor and will push you past your comfort zone. The class is applicable to real life scenarios and I am very happy to have taken it my senior year. He makes himself available to help students and genuinely wants to see you succeed. But definitely don't take this class if you are looking to slack off.
Wissot will push you to reach your maximum potential, which, by the end of the semester, you will be so much more closer to in comparison to when you first walk through his classroom doors. If you want to take an applied-learning class that will improve your capacity to be an excellent communicator...take this class!
Comm 204 with Wissot was hands down one of the best experiences in Annenberg. He has the ability to produce great results over the course of the semester. He makes his students work really hard, but the result of the class is so rewarding. I encourage you all to take this class because Public Speaking is imperative in future endeavors. Love him!
Wissot is easily one of the best professors I have ever had at USC. He's the type of professor that works his students very hard because he knows it'll create results. He's the professor you'll hate all semester and then love for the rest of your life because he challenged you and truly made a difference. Taking this class is a must at USC!
Best professor I had at USC. He has high expectations from his students but puts in the same amount of effort too. You can send him 4 drafts for every speech and can still expect proper detailed feedback from him on every draft without any complaints. I would highly recommend this professor.
Prof. Wissot makes you work twice as hard as other teachers but the outcome is truly rewarding and I'm glad that I took his class! He's very passionate about giving the best to his students and helping them succeed. In all honesty, if you want an easy class, don't even bother. But if you're willing to put efforts to improve yourself, take him!
GREAT CLASS! Everyone really improved as a speaker. People who complain about the toughness of this class are a poor reflection on the quality of other USC classes. Prof. Wissot holds his class up to a standard- it's inspiring, motivating, and refreshing. I recommend this class to everyone. Take it!
Great class- with Prof. Wissot you will really get what you signed up for.  He does a great job of preparing students for the assignments & providing feedback- everyone improved as a public speaker & he creates a great class atmosphere.  I recommend everyone take this class!!
Wissot is the best professor I've had at USC. He's genuinely concerned with preparing students for the real world. Is this course challenging? Certainly. While Wissot is tough, he is fair - do your work, ask q's, and be intellectually curious. You be rewarded for your hard work and effort in the end.
Wissot is tough and can be very intimidating at times, but he genuinely care about your improvement in public speaking. If you are willing to put in the time (Ie. send him your speeches for a few rounds of revisions, show up to his review sessions and actively participate in class), he will reward you with a good grade and future academic support.
I truly enjoyed attending Professor Wissot's classes. He was always available to talk after class (perfect for those really busy students) and he always responded to e-mails in a timely fashion. Charismatic and witty, Professor Wissot always tries to make class interesting and fun. You do not notice that two hours of class time have gone by.
Prof. Wissot was intimidating day 1, but he did that to scare off slackers. 4 speeches, 1 exam & final, 1 speech analysis, & 1 long term paper (16 pgs per examples he showed). Minor reading but come to class prepared. He is always avail. to proof your speeches & is so helpful. Take Wissot but be ready to push yourself to work hard & learn from him.
After reading these reviews, I was hesitant to take this class, but it has proved to be such a worthwhile decision. Wissot inspires you to reach your fullest potential and actually gives you a practical education. If you're thinking about taking an easier professor, don't. You are worth more! I can't thank you enough Professor Wissot!
Professor Wissot challenged me personally to achieve on a level never expected of me before.  I loved/feared this class.  Grading was beyond harsh, but I quickly learned how much he cares for each of his students.  This class was a challenge and has literally changed my life.  I have so much more self-confidence and drive to succeed because of him.
Like many, I agree that this prof gives a lot of work, but the type of assignments are those which are really useful and constructive towards academic careers. He's tough and that's what makes him a good teacher. Wissot is the kind of prof who makes me feel that i am getting the type of education that I paid for. Worth it!!
This class requires a lot of work. But, if you show your work ahead of  time and you listen to what he wants you to change - you will definitely get a good grade in the class. If you're lazy: don't take this class.
Professor Wissot really cares a lot about his students and will put in the time and effort to help you grow but he is very demanding and expects a lot from his students. This is not a class you can just scrape by in. It is a lot of work but you will also learn a lot.
Professor Wissot is an extraordinary teacher. I never believe these posts when they say the teacher is hard, but trust me, this class is a lot of work. If you truly want to enhance your public speaking, take his class. It is unfortunate that most students (not excluding myself)do not realize the worth of Wissot until after their time with him is up
Hardest professor EVER but so worth it. He really helps you and will help you even after you leave his class. Great class, I don't regret it one bit.
You will have to work significantly more for this class than any other teacher or course, but he is a VERY effective teacher and you WILL LEARN A LOT.
1894993	Jeffrey	Miller	35
 This is a good and helpful ckass. The group project isn't too rough and it is nice to work with stake holders from industry. Miller is there for students and I tecomnend him.
Miller tests us on things never covered during class, and he doesn't explain things clearly. The test is designed terribly because it's more like a factor of luck to do well on the test or not. The problems don't spread out evenly and it's more like a memorization and buuchetting test.
He tested us on how well we could memorize slides he told us weren't going to be on exam, and spent most of the class teaching us Java swing instead of the actual software concepts we were supposed to learn. Plus, he pretty much sent out an email at the end of the semester asking us to rate him well.
I am taking serval tough classes last semester. Tons of work to be done each week and obviously this one pains me during most weekends when the assignment is about to due. I'd really suggest you do some preparation yourself in java before taking this class.
He taught us in the dis section and he is a talented speaker.  Very energetic and offered me a lot of inspiration about how to organize the material  learned in class! He is very good at explaining problems! 
The absolutely inane requirements for the assignments, exams, and project weren't anything more than an educated middle schooler with enough time on his hands could handle, but in no way reinforced Principles of Software Development. Miller's class is a perfect example for why our tuition refund insurance should be extended to cover futile classes.
In fact I don't think prof Miller is that bad, though his assignments are way too heavy. Some labs are even harder than the assignments. But it turned out that the last assignment becomes extra credit which helps a lot.  However the course could be better organized.  Some of basic topics should be moved fast while spending more time on hard topics.
Worst CS classprofessor I've ever had. Class is a waste of time. Spent months learning Java in what could have been days. Skipped over all the software engineering stuff that is the title of the course. Prof ran experiments to entertain himself, didn't care If we actually learned the material. Huge ego problems. Avoid if at all possible. 
I can tell Miller cares about teaching, but he just does a really poor job at it.  His lectures are long and useless, and his written exams expect you to essentially memorize small facts from lectures that he barely spoke about.  He doesn't seem to lighten the load when he receives feedback regarding the insane amount of work either.  Avoid him.
Lectures are useless. More than half of class doesn't go to his lecture when there's no quiz cuz lectures are helpless. You better just go read a book. He insists the engineers to have perfect grammar. Oh, grammar is checked by some IBM software stuff (surely accurate) Dress formally for presentation which Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg hate.
Too clear
He  is very great.
I hope he taught the algorithm class instead of discussion. A very energetic and helpful professor. Makes algorithms feel simpler. 
He taught my discussion section for 570. Very energetic, and gives clear explanations. Cares about his students and before every exam gave us recommendations for what to study, and what topics to focus on.
he is good teacher
excellent professor with amazing enthusiasm
He is very enthusiastic in class and always ready to help
His discussion sections are extremely helpful in understanding the course content, he makes sure that everyone is on the same page in terms of the basics before diving into the meat of the subject matter. He is also super helpful in office hours and will help work through pretty much any issue that you have. 
A perfect professor! Thank you Professor! U rock! :)
Good Professor!
Spontaneous .Clear Explanation of problems and Solutions.
Very enthusiastic
He is an amazing teacher. I attend his discussion sessions without fail as I tend to understand the concepts better after listening to him. 
He's very enthusiastic about what he teaches and succeeds in engaging most of the class. Sometimes, you really gotta pay attention to follow what he's trying to explain, but most of the times, his discussions are easy going. Would definitely recommend him.
Miller held discussion sessions for our algorithms class. He made the concepts seem more accessible and applicable. Sometimes, there was more learning from the discussion than the lecture. Definitely worth attending,for the energy and enthusiasm he puts in to teaching.
He is one of the best professors I have had so far. He is engaging, encouraging and approachable. He is very articulate. I wouldn't think twice to ask him the silliest of doubts. He makes sure that we know the basics before delving into any topic.
This is the most useful class I've ever taken. There are so many classes you take that are useless in the long run and it's refreshing to have a class that I can directly apply. I have used the material in class to obtain an amazing internship. Prof Miller is there for you and he actually cares. Doesn't hurt that he's nice to look at also:)
Lectures make absolutely no sense, and there is too much busy and useless work assigned for a 2-credit capstone class. 
Out of all the professors in my CS classes I've taken so far, JMills is probably one of the best there is at SC. He's engaging and cares a lot about his students and their success. He's very approachable and is a really cool guy. I'd recommend him to anyone who takes 201.
Miller is my favorite CS professor at USC. He is pretty chill in class. Homework is fun and not awfully hard. Plus, he is willing to help. Exams are reasonable and he cares about our feedbacks.
Miller is my favorite CS professor at USC. He is pretty chill in class. Homework is fun and not awfully hard. Plus, he is always willing to help. Exams are reasonable and he really cares about our feedbacks.
J Mills is great. You get what you put into the class. Projects and assignments are fun but can be lengthy. Definitely the best CS class I've taken so far.
fair class, clear lecturing, assignments a bit long but not awful
Miller is the best CS Professor I've had so far at USC. He cares about your learning experience and even your exam experience. He tries really hard to make sure things are doable and providing valuable learning experience. 201 might be a lot of work but comon which CS class is not.
He's chill. Assignments were too long and I'd classify them as busy work.
14901	Daniel	Lynch	35
Lynch is a funny and nice professor, and relates lectures to Asian study examples.  If you put in the work (study for midterms and test) and put in the effort for the Blackboard postings (which the TA's grade) then you should get at least a B+ or A-A.  I recommend participating in JEP or TIRP for the extra credit!
Each class is supposed to be run as a "seminar" with a student presentation- in reality Lynch interrupts, goes off on tangents and rants about the Internet. Classes did not prepare me for exams whatsoever and I ended up feeling even more clueless about the Chinese political economy than ever. Needs to get his life together.
Lynch was an ok professor. His lectures were sometimes difficult to understand and seemed irrelevant to what we were learning. There is a lot of reading, but it is not completely necessary to finish for lecture. There were 3 midterms, but study guides were given ahead of time. He also focused on China and most of his examples were from China.
Doctor Lynch is a very knowledgeable professor.  The lectures may get boring and confusing at times. Make sure to take notes because he does not share the powerpoints with students. The grading is mostly done by TAs so make sure you go to discussions and participate. Only 3 tests but they are in class essays! READ READ READ!
He tries to make the class funny but he makes awkward jokes and sometimes gets super off topic. All he ever talks about is Asia. Not a bad professor and for the basic level of the class it was pretty easy. The only textbooks you need are the Lamy and Robertson one.
Since this was a theory-based course, the structure of the course can sometimes be confusing. Prof. Lynch is extremely insightful, especially with regards to China. He does get off topic sometimes when talking about broad concepts of IR. I enjoyed the class- mainly powerpoint and discussion. He also assigns alot of readings, so it's best to keep up
Great professor, really funny in a nerdy way. Tons of reading assigned but if you do a majority of it you will be fine. Take his class!
Admittedly, not my favorite teaching style. However, he is extremely knowledgable about IR and has a true passion around East Asia. Exam questions are given ahead of time and the TAs are great at consolidating his sometimes random lecture slides. Readings are not mandatory given that they have little correlation with the lecture.
He assigns a lot of reading, but it isn't necessary if you go to lecture and pay attention. His lectures are a lot easier to follow than the readings. He's obviously very passionate about IR and if you enjoy the subject, he makes class very interesting. It's a class I never struggled to pay attention in.
Actually a pretty cool class - not particularly hard, but not easy either as long as you go to class and do some of the readings. Gives exam questions ahead of time, so the may be long but you should be fine as long as you study! Lynch can sometimes ramble on but he's definitely helpful during lecture and in his office hours if you have questions.
Really hard prof. HAVE to do all readings. Designs class so that he doesnt thoroughly go over readings in lecture on purpose. writes exam questions only based on readings to test if you actually read or not. Each class has 100+ pages of reading, nearly impossible to read everything. Rly knowledgeable prof but dont take unless u have a lot of time.
Analysis of Chinese history and foreign policy. Lynch has an incredible depth of knowledge about the subject matter. This course will require a lot of reading, but it's worth it. Attendance is mandatory. Visit during office hours! Really personable and easy to talk to, but come prepared.
CHALLENGING.  Written exams only. TA was a hard grader.  10 page paper: I thought I did really well on even went to the writing center many times and I still did not get the grade I was expecting. Not many ways to score points other than the written exams and paper so I received a C and I’m proud of my C because I had to work my ass of for it.
Prof. Lynch is a good professor for an introductory analysis class. The course covers a decent amount of material, but I would have preferred more use of the textbook, and a more in-depth look before moving onto upper division work.
He does not post lecture slides so you either need to be in class or get from a friend. TAs grade everything. There are 2 midterms, a final, and a 10 page research essay. The midterms require lots of preparation as you receive the questions a head of time. It is not an easy class, but much more bearable/and easy with help from a TA and friends.
Really don't like the professor. Boring class and hard midterms. His opinion on Chinese issues is very subjective and heard he would grade you down if you oppose his idea in his other classes. I don't recommend taking his class.
have to read a lot a lot to be able to do the exams, or u fail....hard grader, but very very nice guide, very easy to talk to after class, don't take it if you r not planning to read all the readings, which is more than 100 pages per class
This class is hard! He's boring and when he explains his material it's in IR terms. his midterms are ridiculous! one question may have 6 followup questions. if you're taking his class, keep up with the reading and attendance is a must.
Just fantastic!  I still remember what I learned years later and Prof. Lynch was one of the best professors I had at USC.
best class ever! he's difficult but super knowlegeable. pushes you to work hard, cold calls at times but its all for your own good. i recall a lot from this class even after taking it 2 semesters ago. this is how much you'll learn from this class. wish he taught more classes, but i took all the classes he offers. so this is how amazing he is!
He is a very knowledgeable prof. Although many would argue that he is a tough prof, but you really do gain a lot from his classes. I've taken majority of my IR classes with him. I have also taken some with other prof's but i find that i have learnt the most from him. Go for this class if your prepared to work, because you will also gain the most!
Class is pretty straight forward as long you attend the lectures and at least skim the readings. Exams are definitely manageable, because he gives you essay questions in advance to study. All in all, this class so far has been alright. Neither hard nor easy.
Lynch is alright. Buzan and Little is boring, but the other book is better. My TA- Simon Radford- was good and really helped to explain the difficult concepts and replied to emails promptly.
He uses traditional power-point style teaching. Can be boring sometimes, especially when he reads excerpts out loud. Nonetheless, he gets the important points across with no problem. He doesn't seem like he cares, but you just have to visit during his office hours. His exams are very straight forward and and fair.
If you're looking for an easy A, then this is not the course for you. Lynch is an excellent professor. His class was the most valuable learning experience I've had at SC. Downside: intense workload (time consuming). People label him as a &quot;jerk&quot; but when you get to know him you'll see he's down to earth and understanding.
Lynch is a terrible professor- I was lucky and had an amazing TA which helped us through. Lynch is arrogant and his lectures are uninteresting. They seem to ramble on points that don't matter and avoid the crucial information. The questions on his midterm are poorly worded and confusing. Overall, if you do the reading, the class isn't difficult.
If you are looking for an easy class then he probably isn't the best choice. But Prof. Lynch is smart, funny, approachable and, well, a bit sarcastic....anyway I think he is a fantastic professor!
Although the class is somewhat difficult, Lynch is a very good teacher for it. The theories can be difficult, but he is an excellent lecturer and makes things pretty clear. He always seems very busy, so he's not always accessible, but seems to care about students. Also, he is quite funny and looks like Kevin Spacey (but with a deep, sensual voice).
I took Lynch for 333 and really enjoyed it. He gets to know his students and will remember your name. Watch out for some crazy TAs though! You'll never do too well on the discussion board stuff because of them.
Kind of arrogant. IR 210 was not  a treat with Lynch so I would recommend it with Lamy. Lynch overall is not a bad teacher but for IR 210 was not the right choice.
Constantly sarcastic and hard to understand. Pages upon pages of notes must be taken. ATTENDANCE MANDATORY. Lynch actually takes role in a class. Discussion board is easy but time consuming - Combined with attendace equals 50% of grade. A few of the TA's are Nazis in class. Having you write your name down for punishment.  Overall, not too bad.
Excellent professor.  Very down to earth and approachable too.  Gave me an extension on an assignment when my father died during the semester.  5 years out of USC, and I still refer to notes I took in his class.
Very intelligent professor. He challenges you, so don't expect to slack off and do well. Attendance matters but it's well worth it! He writes amazing letters of recommendation!
Best prof.  I had at SC.  Smart as hell but kind of a smart ass.  Great guy.
He's very class attendance conscious; Respect His cathay authority! A confucian
34383	Ruben	Davila	34
Awful useless professor.
I hated going to class bc of his teaching style of putting students on the spot. There are group quizzes every week. There is also a group projectpresentation. Make sure to choose a smart group. The midterm wasn't bad but there just wasn't enough time to complete the final. For the most part, tests are based on the class handouts. Easy B, Hard A
I like Prof. Davila because he teaches the concepts, not simply the mechanics. He seems to care about preparing students for the real world. He can be a bit of a grump at times, but generally he's a nice man and has a sense of humor. This course isn't terribly difficult, but it moves very quickly, so you need to be able to keep up (just like life).
I know your a transfer, but seriously,act like you are a USC Business student and you will be fine. Expect the exact results of what you put in. If you want to pass go to class, ask questions, make sure he knows your name, and do the homework. It's that simple but you won't do it. I dare you to be successful. I was a transfer too. Fight On!
He's pretty straightforward, rude at times but not really sweet during office hours. The quizzes are easy usually group quizzes. Midterm was semi-hard, and final was worse it had two parts to it. Study from the handouts and the book, and it'll be bearable. There is one excel project and one group case/presentation which you'll be ranked by ur clas
Davila is an interesting bloke. Classes are interesting, quizzes are made to be easy and helpful. Midterms are hard, but curved fairly. No complaints. Would take him again 5/5 times.
Probably the hardest/worst professor I've ever had. Although he is very educated, it is impossible to ask question and when you do he never responds at that moment (which leads you to forget). Although I have attended every single class so far, I still do not understand the subject matter. I DO NOT RECOMMEND him as a professor.
DAVILA IS MY FAVORITE PROFESSOR IN USC!!! He know course materials extremely well, make everything really clear. It is the first class that I don't have to review crazily before tests. you just feel confident that you have got the knowledge on the class. Umm advice, still review and prepare for the test seriously. his exam is not that easy..
Very fair. Lectures are well organized, not an easy class but tests are only based on what he has taught in class.
I really enjoyed Davila as a teacher. He is one of the few teachers where I actually learned and enjoyed all the material, not just memorized. Not the easiest to get an A, but also hard to get lower than b-. Would recommend.
The guy is a self-righteous its his way or the highway. Office hours are more of an interrogation than helpful. Knows the material real well. Because of his personality its difficult to ask questions. Don't recommend his class
He teaches so quickly at a fast pace. He makes you attend class everyday and he will mark you tardy yet when he is late he doesn't do anything. A LOT of group work. Bad, mean and he is not helpful at all.
Excellent teacher. If you want to actually learn about accounting then take him. He stresses basics a lot to make sure you understand them then speeds it up. He pretty much believes if you can teach it to someone else then you know the material so he forces you to participate. He WILL call on you at some point no matter what. Some pple hate him tho
You won't get bored because if you look bored you'll get put on blast. Really interesting teaching style basically hopes you make a mistake so he can teach others what not to do. Jumps around a lot and there's a lot of material to cover. A bit disorganized and the exams are a lot more complicated than the book.
He is COOL. Knows the material very well. Lectures are very organized. Pay attention at class and do a lot of practice. Talk with him, he gives very good advice.
Davila takes accounting to a whole other level. For non business majors his class is just ridiculous. He expects you to know things he hasnt even taught you and constantly brings you back to middle school days where he loves to put students on the spot which does nothing but embarrass them and make them look dumb.Not helpful at all in office hours
Great lecturer - never a dull moment due to always putting students on the spot in class and having them do problems on the board then explaining &quot;conceptually, not mechanically&quot; of acct. However, is VERY UNORGANIZED and scattered (unusual for an acct prof&#63;)Depends fully on his TA for grading. If you are going into Leventhal take him.
Nice man but sometime he does put people on the spot. He gives a lot of opportunities for people to do the problems in front of class and go through hw all the time which is good. Yet test was difficult and you are expected to fully understand materials talked about before next class.
Puts ppl on the spot, makes ppl feel dumb. Quizzes & exams r challenging. Plenty of hw, but you get full credit for effort on the hw which is nice. All in all, I wouldn't recommend.
One of the best professors at USC, if you want to learn about business and accounting this is the professor to take.  Class is fairly difficult and you are expected to be there and participate, but it's not a waste of time doing so.  Accounting has never been so interesting.
You have to go to class and he calls on you and puts you on the spot a lot so you have to pay attention at all times.  He gives a lot of quizzes but they are all group ones and are graded easier than the tests.  He goes over all hw which is nice.  Midterm isnt to bad but final is hard.  somewhat a lot of homework. Expects you to know things.
Davila has an unconventional style of teaching, but it is generally clear. He is a very nice guy and willing to help if you ask. To do well in this class you must attend and participate. Take this class with him!
He is a really good professor. Those who are taking BUAD 305 will learn a lot from him since this will be your first semester at SC
Poor
he is very helpful to students who ask for it
he really plays favorites and this is not the class to zone out in.  you're always doing something, wether it be in class assignments or going up on the board.  but there are a lot of chances to get a good grade and he's great with &quot;adjusting&quot; grades
No Comments
Best acct prof I've had.  He likes his Tommy's
He is really good at helping students in office hours
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
318347	Mark	Moore	34
My personal favorite teacher in the Dept. No B.S. when you ask him a question, ask him questions but Beware ! he could analyse the question for its faults in a Sherlock-esque manner and make you feel like an idiot.
Terrible class.  Material is difficult on its own, and class structure only makes it worse. Lectures are fast and hard to follow. Textbook is hard to read and feels like an encyclopedia reference more than an actual learning aid.  Very little online supplement is provided, they don't even post solutions to exams or exercise sets. Would not recommen
I have no idea what he does in class. He moves quickly and has terrible handwriting. He acts like an intellectual snob, and assumes everyone knows what he is talking about.
Very helpful to memorize the book for exams, but he clarifies concepts in class and is really happy to help during office hours.  A great professor for a required class!
the class is whatever. he is a bit unclear. 50% of grade dependent on group work, 50% on individual work.
Prof Moore is the best. So interesting. One of the best teachers in the department. Really engaging.
Read the textbook like it's the bible.
Really smart prof. Interesting class. Goes pretty fast but makes sure you understand everything. Very helpful. If you attend class, you will get everything. :)
This is my second class with Mark. I went into his class this time knowing that I would work my ass off for a B+. Like everyone says - really smart guy, really sweet guy, but really demands that you learn. Frankly, this guy's classes are what taught me to care about Economics. I plan on taking his classes for a third semester.
If you attend class and really pay attention to his lecture, it's not impossible to get an A. The exams are all short answer questions but are not too hard if you know the concepts. The textbook is useful to refer back to but not absolutely necessary. Overall, Moore is a very smart professor who is helpful and enthustiastic about teaching.
This class is brutal.  Even to those who have already taken macro, he makes no sense because he teaches mostly upper level classes. He's definitely a really smart guy but you get completely lost in his lectures and at the end of class no one knows what he's talking about. NOT EASY. Definitely take another prof if you can
while i was taking the class, i though it was impossible. now that i look back, it was very hard, but also very fair. he gives on hell of a curve. you dont really need to go to class, but to get A's on the tests, i would recommend reading the chapter 2 or 3 times over.
Awesome Prof! Really knows his stuff (and remembers his students' names :)). Really helpful if you go for his office hours, however he gets obviously annoyed if you ask him stupid questions. His lectures are really clear but straight out of the text book if you need to clarify stuff.
Prof. Moore is brilliant. He explains difficult concepts well and also ties in class material with the real world. He goes in-depth a lot but in a positive way. People who think his tests are hard are just stupid, I got a solid A in the class without opening the textbook once and barely studied. Just pay attention in class and you'll be fine.
very solid professor. his lectures are clear and informative and i learned a lot.  some ppl complain that the tests are hard, but i thought they were quite doable with only a little studying.  great at teaching concepts
super hard tests and the professor is not a nice guy.  Just make sure and read the textbook.  This class was hard if you have never taken econ.  Take micro first
He is a brilliant prof who is smart and knows what he is talking about! His exams are pretty hard tho... but manageable. and plus he's really hot^^
He's very clear with his explanations. I took macroecons in high school but didn't understand it at all, after taking his class, i understand so much more now. Textbook is necessary because some of his problem sets are from the textbook. Take him.
His exams are so hard
good good good
He's hard. Not impossible. but harder than the other intro econ professors. if you want a challenge, take him. if you want an easy A, don't. if you're an econ major, he's a great introduction. otherwise.... why put yourself through more work&#63;
I had him for Macroeconomics.  We were his first lecture period, he rambled a lot on things that were not relevant to the class so you never knew what to take notes on, and his test questions appear easy but actually require you to enter way more information than you have time to write.  Not a good class and not a good professor.
Very tough professor. He thinks you understand everything he says. Also, don't be fooled by the first exam, after that very little is from the book, you must take notes during lecture. He is very knowledgeable, you can use this to your advantage during office hours, but if you are intimidated by teachers he will make you feel dumb
he is a sweet professor who really knows what he's talking about. The class is far from easy but make sure to review his problem sets before taking his tests.
looking back, it was hard, but not impossible.
His class is fairly difficult, but he definately knows what he is talking about. He is truly brilliant at what he does and he cares that everyone learns the material.  Just make sure that you aren't afraid to ask questions in lecture
This guys knows what he's talking about and you learn so much from him. You have to put in work, but luckily he cares so much about all of his students that you actually want to work harder. I won't lie, the class is challenging-- he makes it challenging on purpose but it is so worth it.
he teaches out of the text and goes pretty quickly but i think that is the nature of the class. he is clear and helpful.
I had heard how brilliant he was from several classmates before taking his class. He IS brilliant. And very sweet. He cares for his students. He teaches at a fast pace but everything is also in the book. Study the homework questions and you'll be fine on the tests. If you want to learn, take his class.
He's a good guy and his lectures are completely based on the text book. As long as you get around to reading the text book you'll do fine on the tests.
Mr. Moore is not very good at communicating the material and I would never recommend him to another student.  His class consists of 3 tests for 33.3% each.  He lectures for the entire period and mainly goes out of the book, but focuses on things, like deriving equations that we don't need to do on the tests.  His tests are difficult and he says so 
I've had this professor for two classes.  Learned the most in the entire department from him.  Class isn't easy, but learning isn't supposed to be.  Anyway, former MIT grad, so you expect him to be intelligent.  Also you *want* to come to class because he's total eye candy.
sweet professor... he's a good guy and comes in late every so often
Not the easiest professor, but he'll explain it till you get it.  He really cares that you learn, not just get a grade. Doesn't hurt that he's total eye candy either.
1128522	Brett	Sheehan	34
He is always willing to help outside of class and gets to know students. The class is very challenging, but it is not too hard to get a good grade if you attend all discussion sessions. One thing that I dislike about professor sheehan is that he is obsessed with his own structure in his lectures and tests. He requires you to memorize what he says
Professor Sheehan is a wonderful person, albeit he likes to make you work for your grades and think critically not only about the material in the class but life as well. As long as you read the cases, take good notes, and chat with your TA for essays, this class should be bearable!
Sheehan really cares about his students and is extremely approachable. The class isn't easy at all, but if you're willing to do the reading and can write decently you can get an A. TAs seemed pressured to give a low grade on the first paper to scare everyone, but they got easier on the following 2. 3 papers a final and no midterm. Not a bad GE.
Not an easy GE, but it is one of the more interesting ones.
advised not to take
Loves what he's doing, but his grading is harsh. The course is definitely not easy but its interesting.
Professor really cares about his students but this course is kind of challenging though. You can really learn from this course
Fantastic course. However, incredibly challenging. Sheehan really pushes students to improve their writing. He's incredibly easy to talk to. Great professor.
Not a easy GE. But as an international student, I really felt improvement on writing essays. This class takes most of my study time.
Sheehan really pushes his students. Not an easy GE at all - in fact the expectations are a little ridiculous. Wish I would have chosen a different class.
Great Prof. Take him if you wanna really learn something
Cares about his students.
This is not the easiest GE, but I enjoyed it. Sheehan makes you work and makes the TAs grade harshly, but you improve as the semester goes on. He is always available for help and gives clear instructions on projects. 4 Essays that are hard, but help with your future essays. TAs grade under his rules. I learned a lot and his love of teaching shows!
Sheehan cares about his students. If you seek help in this class you will find it. And if you suck at writing, you will leave this class a better writer. In the end, If I had to give an answer I would say NO dont take. bc the work load is crazy for a GE, if your classes are not hard then YES take it.But if your plate it full, this wont be easy
Favorite professor at USC. Went from knowing nothing about China as a freshman to traveling TO China in a small group with Prof Sheehan as a junior. He's what college is all about.
Good luck.. Prof. Sheehan is a great teacher and you will learn a LOT. However, the grading is completely up to the TAs, who grade the papers harshly. Quizzes aren't too bad but require knowledge of all lecture material and much of the case readings.
Prior to entering HIST266, I was excited to learn about Asian history through a business lens. However, this class disappointed. Sheehan is a decent teacher, but his TAs are TERRIBLE. This class is unnecessarily hard, and I would not recommend it.
Do not take this class.  Attendance is mandatory for discussions and lectures since there are pop quizzes. Material is hard to understand. TAs have control over your entire grade, and grade the essays and quizzes extremely harshly and unfairly, especially Ben Uchiyama. Class is way too hard for a GE.
GREAT professor! He really knows what he's talking about and tries very hard to make class interesting. Although not everyone is interested in East Asian history, he tries to make it interesting to everyone. Attendance is mandatory and it's tough for a GE but Sheehan makes it completely worth it.
this class is easily the hardest  GE I've taken. The essays are impossible to do well on and the quizzes ask simple questions but you have to know all of the material, all of the time to do well. Pick another GE
Pop quizes are questions he asks and answers at the beginning of some lectures in his quiz review, TA's grade very harshly, Sheehan is a good teacher and if he were grading our papers and quizes it would be much easier, there are definitely easier GE's out there
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! Material is extremely boring. Four pop quizzes so you have to go to all lectures, all TAs grade quizzes harshly, as they do papers. Sheehan genuinely cares about the material and his students but the class is just a nightmare.
He's super enthusiastic and the material is very interesting. TA's grade quizzes fairly but it's extremely difficult to get any A's on the papers. Fun but HARD work!
Really nice and helpful. Enthusiastic about what he is teaching. Final guidelines are given about a month in advance and he is more than happy to help you understand anything in class.
Very enthusiastic with the subject, motivates students to do well. Easy quizzes, very simple classifying short texts as chinese religions, philosophy etc. No mid-terms. 4 essays, 3 of them 2 pages double spaced each, 1 of them creative essay. TA grades easy. He gives the final exam questions 1 month prior to the finals and helps you prepare in lec.
Incredibly intelligent and enthusiastic. Professor Sheehan inspired me to take Chinese and pursue a career in international business/economics. Best teacher I've ever had at USC.
Professor: nice, knowledgeable, helpful. TA's: they grade everything, generous w/ discussion points & B's on papers. Papers: 3 two-page analytical and 1 four to six page creative. Reading: sources every week for discussion (roll is taken) but need to read for papers. 4 Pop-Quizzes: easy if you go to class & take notes, he does quiz practice
Cool guy who is knowledgeable and enthusiastic about East Asia. I learned a lot from this class. If you want an A, you'll have to put in the work. Read the assigned readings, go to lectures because there are pop quizzes, and participate in discussions because you get graded on that. The TAs are nice, but they don't give many high grades on papers.
DO NOT BUY THE BOOK. i literally did not open it once. if u want an a u need to go to ALL of the discussions. other than that, its an extemely easy B. it took me 2 hours to write his papers, and still got an A in the class. people who couldnt get B's in the class were literally brain dead
This class is pretty easy to get a B. I suggest doing all the readings before, the class is structured around time periods rather than nations, which was not my preference. This course entails Business and East Asian history, so if you're weak on both read the textbook. if you have a basis its not needed. Attend class, participate, take notes.
Great Teacher! I'm a business major but this is definitely my favorite class. Great GE, you'll learn alot. Not hard at all
A very nice guy! Knows what he is saying and always manages to make the lectures interesting. 3 two-page essays and one 5-6 pages creative project. Hard to get A for paper, but TAs grade nicely. Read readings & go to discussions & say something, then you'll get  full points for that part. Go to the lectures because there are random quizzes!
Class isn't that easy, but okay if you keep up with the reading. Talk to your T.A.'s about the papers. It's hard to get an A on the papers. Go to class because pop quizzes appear randomly! Overall, good professor who's easy to understand.
great professor who keeps his lecture clear and organized.  written assignments are really short papers but A- is probably the best you can get. attending lectures is a must because he has pop quizzes
143437	Gene	Bickers	33
This guy is an amazing lecturer. He is the nicest kindest person you would want in a professor. Though you should be warned!!!! This class Physics 161 is VERY TOUGH!!!! If you can handle it I would recommend him. He gives you the tools to suceed though.
He genuinely cares for his students and has office hours, like, after office hours.  You can definitely do well on the midterms and finals if you practice the past tests (which are posted on blackboard) without looking at the answers.
Dr. Bickers is an amazing professor and is fantastic at breaking down physics problems.  I respect him more than almost any other professor I have had at USC.  That being said his exams are brutal.  Your best option in 135B is to have access to as many past exams as possible because the homework does not prepare you.
He is AMAZING!!! There is no better professor than Prof Bickers. He is so incredibly nice he will explain until you understand. Go to his office hours!! You will learn so much. It's a difficult class, but if you work hard, you will definitely be able to pull it off. He makes you want to try your hardest, and that is very rare in a professor!!
This man is absolutely brilliant and one of the most kind-hearted, genuine persons you will ever meet. He really cares for his students. Even though the content is extremely difficult, he certainly makes taking the class worthwhile.
I've taken the PHYS 161-162-163 classes, and I can say that Bickers is one of the best professors at this school. Lecture is not mandatory, but you end up actually wanting to go. He is extremely helpful, enthusiastic, and just awesome. The classes are hard, but the experience is totally worth it. He even made me want to take more Physics classes!!!
By far the best teacher I've had at USC. He takes the time to explain concepts and you can always see him after class for help. His study sessions and experiments and devotion really show he loves teaching and his students. Take his class if you can; be warned though, it isn't easy. I wish he could be my teacher for all my courses.
I've had Bickers for the 161-162-163 series. Easily the best professor I've had at USC, and actually cares about you learning the material. You don't have to go to class because he puts all the information online, but you'll want to because he makes it so much better. Warning: 163 really ramps up the difficulty from 161 and 162.
He makes you love physics. Always helpful and ready for any question you have, not to mention the massive material he puts on blackboard. You can really learn a lot from his classes. The best professor at sc I've met.
I've had Dr. Bickers for 161 and 162, and I look forward to 163 in the spring. He is easily the best professor I've had at USC so far. The subject is not easy, but Bickers structures the class in such a way that you can still do well. He has a lot of office hours to answer questions. By the end of first midterm, he basically knows everyone's names.
Very engaging and very approachable.
Dr. Bickers is one of the strongest professors USC has to offer.  He is more than helpful - he is truly intent on aiding each and every student, and teaching the material in an understandable way.  If you have any choice whatsoever, sign up for one of his classes.  Cannot recommend him any higher!
He is by far the best professor I've had here at USC. If you don't understand anything, he is more than willing to help you, whether it is during that 10 minute break or during his office hours. He will help you until you understand.
Great guy -- hardworking, professional, ready to laugh. Above-average lecturer. Main pros: extremely generous help on (difficult) homework, in the form of web videos and office hours; gives you answer sheet to exams when you turn yours in. Main con: hard of hearing, so often does not understand your question.
Bickers is probably the most all-around wonderful professor I've ever met. He's a great guy, and always tries to do right by his students, offering as much outside help, and doing his best to give every resource his students need to do well. VERY DIFFICULT MATERIAL, but Bickers gives you the materials to do well.
SO helpful and kind. Doesn't show it but I think he knows a lot of his students' names by the end of the semester, especially if you go to office hours. go to office hours. even with the videos it helps when everyone around you is working on it
Bickers takes you through a joy ride during lectures. The material is hard, and it's not always easy to stay focused, but he explains the difficult concepts remarkably well. His policy with tests, hw, quizzes etc. is golden. Difficult class, but he gives you all the resources you need to pull through.
Very helpful. An excellent teacher who cares intensely and knows how to challenge his students
He is the best prof ever! i hv to say this class is quite challenging but it's worth it if you like physics! you definitely learn much more than the 152! the lecture material is hard but the test is much easier so ala you understand things in the book u are able to do well on the tests. Going to this office hrs is really helpful he is so nice!
Bickers epitomizes what a teacher should be. He challenges all his students, but always provides the resources to succeed. In addition to the textbook, he has practically written a textbook of his own which he provides as &quot;notes&quot; as well as video lectures on the subject as well as example problems. Always available in office.
You could learn the material solely based on the massive resources he puts on blackboard. Add to that his lectures and the fact that he's available to help students (even those not in his class) at almost all hours and there's really nothing negative that can be said about the man. His tests are hard, but fair, and he curves them appropriately.
Very helpful in office hours
Absolutely the best professor ever! His enthusiasm is contagious, and he will do everything it takes to help students succeed if they're willing to put in the effort. The class is incredibly fun, the expectations are reasonable, and the explanations are clear.
This was a GREAT class.  Dr. Bickers is far and away the best teacher i've had at USC.  He spends day and night in his office, so you can stop by anytime you need help.  I can't say enough good things about this professor.
If you ever have the opportunity to take a class from Professor Bickers, don't pass it up. While his class does take some effort, it will be one of the best classes, if not the very best, you take throughout college. He's incredibly clear, extremely helpful, and always available for anything you need.
the BEST professor at USC. hands down no arguments about it. this guy is simply amazing. hell stay in his office n help you with your problems till dawn if thats wut it takes. and he loves usc football n makes fun of Physics 100. wut more can u ask for. SIMPLY THE BEST!!!
Will go extremely out of his way to ensure you not only pass but understand the material.  You just have to make sure you try.
Never actually had him as a prof, but &quot;Bickers TV&quot; lectures were the only reason I got A's in 151 and 152.  He just knows his stuff.
Bickers is awesome.  He gives great examples and explains things better than anyone.  Not to mention walkin on hot coals, walking barefoot on broken glass, and having a cinder block smashed on his chest while laying on a bed of nails.
No Comments
Possibly the best teacher at USC.  Easy class if you do the homework.  Knows his stuff and is very involved.  Makes physics fun with his antics and examples (ie. firewalking).
He's a fun teacher, acts like Mr. Wizard, but the easiest class I ever took.
Excellent teacher; involved, helpful, and very committed to teaching!
436221	Alison	Renteln	33
Unquestionably the worst professor I have had at USC. Socially inept, no organization to her lectures or the class, refuses to help her students. 
Prof. Renteln is without a doubt a complete genius. She is intense and brilliant and has very high expectations of her students. If you participate in class, expect that she will question everything you say.  Amazing class if you like lawpolitics. But I would not recommend taking POSC 130 with her for a GE if you have no interest in law.
Renteln is  well-spoken, thoughtful, and intelligent,  and she has a wealth of information and personal experience that really enriches the lectures. Quite a bit of reading, but it's all relevant and interesting. Paper seems like a lot, but it really isn't that bad. Marry the study guide, enjoy controversial discussions in section, and fight on.
Renteln has a wealth of knowledge to present, so her lectures very helpful to attend.  There are certainly a lot of cases to understand, but clear, referable notes and general interest in the subject go a long way. She cares a lot about students and is incredibly intelligent, so her office hours are rewarding  to attend.
If you have any interest in law I would highly recommend this class. If you sit down and really study the material a few days before the exam you can get away with doing little reading and missing some classes. Also, though she seems brusque, she was really quite funny and a nice professor. Also BRILLIANT.
Renteln is a rockstar in her field. Her exams were not as hard as the study guides and lectures made it seem like they were going to be. The thing I had the hardest time with was her rate of speech. Like Busta Rhymes... :(
insane! She is just lecturing, and giving 12 page papers.. what the hek.
lecture style is repetitive and can get tedious but if you actually listen, its really interesting, plus professor renteln is totally hilarious. lots of material but very little gets tested so pretty easy to do well in the class! also literally no hw, nobody does the reading because it never gets checked anyways
She is tough but fair. With the course matter, there is a lot, but it is interesting and she is a fair grader. As long as you look at the study guide thoroughly you will be fine. Very intelligent woman.
For all the reading and work I did for this class I thought I deserved a better grade. Go to class, take good notes and be cool with the TAs. My TA made this class easy, but over all very interesting material that is covered throughout the semester. I highly recommend it.
Her lectures are disorganized & she speaks very fast. There's quite a bit of reading, but manageable. Tests aren't hard b/c she gives you exactly what will be on them. Lecture not mandatory, but it is highly recommended b/c almost everything she speaks about in class will most likely be on exams. Midterm & Final, and a 10-15 pg research paper!
She is really knowledgeable, but it is a tough class. It is one of the weed out classes for law, you have to love it to do well. She is super smart and really nice but it is hard. There is a 12 page paper, mid term and final and thats it. Recommend if you love law, not as a GE.
Can't lecture
waaaayyyyyy to hard for a GE. I took this class thinking I wanted to go to Law school. And now I don't. The final paper is wayyy to hard and she takes it wayy too seriously. This should be an upper division class. The only thing that kinda helped was my TA. But definitely not an easy A. not even an easy B. You have to be a lawyer to enjoy the class
Professor was extremely professional, knowledgeable, and passionate. There is a ton of required readings but no real homework, except for the term paper. She expects a lot from her students. Lectures are thorough but she goes very quickly. Technically, this class assumes no prior knowledge but a posc or law background would be very helpful.
very difficult class.  she rambles on and on but the subject matter is decently interesting. huge research paper that will have your tearing out your hair. she takes it way too seriously for a GE
she knows her material well, but she's bad at teaching it. talks way too fast, never writes on the board, no powerpoint. just her rambling on and on and she rarely slows down, even if you ask her to. term paper: sorta throws you out to do it yourself, but definitely not at all helpful.  so glad I'm taking this class Pass/Fail for the sake of my GPA
Goodness!  If you are looking to prolong your lifespan: take her class.  Time never went so slow.  She just stands and talks on and on.  She floods you with court cases and other irrelevant information and then subsequently tests you on none of it.  I have never filled up more pages with notes in my life.  Good luck!
I have no doubt that she is intelligent.  She is about as far left a professor as I've had though.  Take her class if you are prepared to be taught how her view is the only legitimate one, and things like first amendment rights are just a silly nuisance in the face of hate speech or unwanted sexual advances.  Viva la International Law!
Renteln obviously cares about the subject matter of the class.  She teaches with a passion but is also unclear and fast when covering the material.  I can barely survive the last 20 mins after taking so many notes.  Her tests are easy and if you make the effort to show up you should be fine.  There's alot of information though be prepared to study
Professor Renteln is a great professor.  If you want to develop some serious research skills, she is the perfect person to take a class from.  Her tests are really not that hard at all.  If you study the review sheets, they are quite easy and incredibly straight forward.  I would highly recommend any class by her to either majors or nonmajors.
Wow some people can't handle a good professor I guess. Had her for two classes, International Law and Law + Public Policy and LOVED her. She's an amazing professor, obviously professors are generally very educated anyway but you can easily tell just from her lectures that she has natural intelligence. Her lectures are brilliant, I've never learned more from any other professor and she was very nice, at least to me.
i took renteln a few summers ago. she is very smart and outspoken. she has very liberal viewpoints which, on face is not a problem, however, she often fails to bring up conservative criticisms of the views that she espouses in class, making it seem as though her viewpoint is the only viewpoint. debating opposing viewpoints in class will raise you participation grade, but you had better have a sound argument, because she will be ready to disect and make you look stupid if you haven't put some thought into it
As a PoliSci major Professor Renteln was easily my favorite hands down.  Yes she a hard teacher, her course work is demanding and requires the ability to think for yourself.  And yes does expect more than just average work!  She knows her stuff, and can spot b.s. a mile away.  People who do well, are the ones who do the reading and want to be challenged.  She's also one of the few professors out there that actually cares about her students too.
Ok, she speed talks her lectures. She knows this and ask her to slow down. I took classes with her 3 times. If you go to office hours, she really takes the time to explain and is interested in you understanding the subject. And she knows what she is talkin
No Comments
Don't take this class as a general ed requirement; take this prof only if you really want to study law.  she teaches like everyone is prepping for law school.
i really enjoyed her law and public policy class. i have no idea what the other commentators are talking about. i learned a lot. engaging topics in lecture. organized. good speaker. good times.
Professor Renteln has no good intentions during her lectures.  She makes no sense as far as the direction of her lectures.  They're very random, dry, and read from lecture notes.  You'll either fall asleep in class or spend every week telling yourself not to go to class.  It's a waste of time.
If you are a polisci major and you are have to take this class steer clear..wait for another section that being said I have to add that she will teach you alot, for example her midterm study guide had over 100 terms to look up! Her TA are power hungry Nazi's also who cant wait to haze undergraduates
She talks way too fast and the class grading goes midterm 20% (which is easy). a paper that is like 35%(T.A. young grades hard), then the final is the rest and that is harder, she says it is cumulative, but it really isn't
She talks to fast, and she teaches the course as if it was a 400 level, when in reality it is a Intro. class.  Also, her TA's are power hungry, and they love to see you fail.  And she is a feminist.
No Comments
1584623	Kevin	Fields	32
Fields is the man. Knows his stuff and has hilarious examples. Even makes questions on the test that make you laugh. Very helpful and just a cool guy. Also USC alumni and bleeds cardinal n gold.
Took several classes with Fields. He always has time to answer questions and really cares.  Great in class examples!
This is the only professor I am rating at USC because he is that great! Fields is the best prof I have had at SC and he has the best upper division buad electives. Accountants- take his class for your ethics requirements! There is no hw, 3 non-cumulative exams that come straight from ppts. Go to class because his real-life examples are hilarious!
FIELDS IS SIMPLY THE BEST TEACHER AT USC! He makes law/business so interesting. You learn so much while still having fun. His tests are awesome because he uses students in the examples.  While class attendance is technically not completely required, I highly suggest it because he is HILARIOUS! Tip:Find a way to get him on tangents about Disneyland!
Fields is a good guy. Class is relatively easy: 3 non-cumulative tests, and a few assignments. Nothing too hard. Unfortunately the tests are essentially vocab/memorization tests, however it doesn't take too much studying to do well. Fields is a great lecturer though, clearly interested and cares, which is a notable exception to most SC profs.
Prof Fields likes teaching and it shows. How do you think he got a 4.9 on RMP. His material isn't easy but it is straight forward. If you can memorize terms, sit in the first rows and aren't on Facebook throughout the semester, you get an A with a little hard work. Anyone who says that he is difficult is lying. Wish more were like him.
Professor Fields is one of the best professors i have ever taken in my life. He is super cool, he enjoys the classroom and loves to talk about SC football. The professor explains the curriculum fully, and he is very helpful. Easy quizes, test are tough but if you prepare you will do well. I recommend him for any class that is available.
One of the best professors at USC. I looked forward to going to class!
One of the best professors I've had at USC. Genuinely nice guy and super down to earth. Crafts the course to be incredibly useful in both legal and business fields. Not necessarily easy, but straight forward and intellectually stimulating - really makes you think. HIGHLY recommended, FBE 458 is great with him too
One of the best teachers at USC.
highly recommend taking his business law class. he has great examples, and knows a wealth of information.
PROF K FIELDS is the BEST! He makes class fun and enjoyable. His exams are sometimes hard but it's always FAIR. I wish all professors at 'sc were as great as him!!!
Love his stories about his daughter katelin.  He is such a good person.  Love his class. He make going to class interesting.  Fight On!
I'm a foreign exchange student from Germany. Professor Fields is one of the best professor I've had in my academic career. Take him, you won't regret it.
Such a wonderful and helpful Professor and I would highly recommend him, even if you have no prior interest in the subject. His projects are really eye opening and he's a really down to earth former trojan.
What a great professor!! He's a fair grader and is super helpful. Teaches with a sense of humor too. Highly recommend taking him.
I don't usually do ratemyprofessor, but K. Fields is one of a kind. Perhaps one of the best if not the best professor I've had at 'sc.
Definitely try to take a class with him sometime at USC. He's the best professor I've had in Marshall. Everything you learn in his class is applicable in the real world. This class is WELL worth the tuition you pay. He's super clear, very knowledgable, helpful, and makes class fun to attend.
Great professor.  One of the best at Marshall
Funny, approachable, enthusiastic, and charming professor. Even if real estate is not your major, Fields make the class fun and interesting. 2 midterms, paper, and a final. definitely one of the best at Marshall, I wish there were more professors like him.
After almost four years, my favotite class at USC!
Semester is almost over and I'll miss it.  This is the only class I actually look forward to each week. It's no wonder registration fills up very quickly.
My favorite class at USC. I actually looked forward to going to class - that doesn't happen very often.
Fields is a nice guy that wants his students to do well. He grades fairly easy, but his tests vary in difficulty. His assignments make the class worth while since you have to go to court. The lectures are very boring and no one pays attention since you can get them online and study later. Overall pretty good class if you study on your own.
LOVED the class.  He brings life to the material with a great sense of humor and practical examples.  You can tell he cares about his students and the subject matter! The best teacher  I've had at USC!
BEST TEACHER AT USC!! he is so funny and makes class very interesting/entertaining. gets to know students very well if you make an effort to talk to him. breaks difficult concepts down extremely easily, and tests aren't too hard if you go to class. not much work required. hands down fav professor at USC!! wish i could take class w/ him again
Brings a practical approach to real estate law with great real life examples.  Pay attention to the slides and his lecture comments and you should do fine
Made what could have been a boring class really interesting (and funny). You learn a lot of practical skills I hope to use in the future
The midterm and final were fairly easy as long as you look over the PPTs and take good notes during the class.  He is really funny too.
Extremely fun class for such a dry subject.  He is the man.
Great class!  Loved the real life stories.  One of the best professors I have had at SC.
talks fast sometimes but he's really enthusiastic/energetic.
774678	Philipe	Ethington	32
I love Dr. Ethington. He's disorganized but it doesn't really matter. Do the readings and if you're interested in the topic, ask him questions about something specific and he'll go on a fascinating tangent rambling in extreme detail yet it makes sense. Avoid talking about Geography and Los Angeles. He knows way too much about it and you'll get lost
He likes to hear himself talk. Great passion for the subject, but gets lost in confusing, rambling lectures, vague assignments, and poorly written tests. While he sincerely is just trying to make new and innovative ways to make learning novel, he does so at the expense of the quality of his teaching.
Pretty charismatic and a quirky sense of humor. Most of the class is weighted on essays. Only gripe is that the lectures are so long. It also doesn't help that he tends to ramble on during the lectures. What really matters in terms of grades for this class is the TA so definitely work in collaboration with your TA. 
Taking this class as a GE is somewhat rough. Even though the lecture are almost 2 hours, it feels like 4. He's a good teacher, but if you have no interest in the History of California, it is a hard class to stay awake in. Very hard to get anything above a B if you do not read the books or watch the films that are either assigned or shown in class.
Overall he's a good guy with a wealth of knowledge but unfortunately he's very disorganized and confusing. Literally have no idea what he wants me to do with the final paper I'm currently writing. If you're up for a good conversation don't be afraid to take his class but it can be tedious on occasion.
He is a great professor. He tries to make the materials interesting, very helpful if you ask him. TAs are pretty easy going as well.Overall, it was a great course
lectures range from interesting to falling asleep boring, TAs grade the easy assignments and mine was very lenient, I did most of them night before or morning of discussion section.
He is super boring, first. He always harps on people about being on their phones or shopping online and constantly says there will be pop quizzes (sometimes there are so attendance is mandatory) he wants you to write simple  essays which are boring and unclear in grading. Class is an easy A, never read the book. Easy GE 1 with diversity.
Ethington is extremely unorganized however he is one of the smartest teachers on campus. Has a wealth of knowledge but just not good at organizing it. Must say found the textbook very interesting, non traditional stuff. Liked that he integrated movies into the class a lot. He's an easy grader just too much work sometimes. But A easy to get.
He goes off topic a lot and gets annoyed when people are on their phones/online shopping. Didn't learn as much as I had hoped to. The writing assignments were confusing because he wanted them to be dumbed down to a high-school level.
This class is one of the biggest mistakes of my college schedule. I took it pass-no pass, but have found that by completely disregarding his high-school-level instructions I always get A's. He completely bluffs students into coming to lecture by regularly "warning" of pop-quizzes, only to "forget" the quiz. Attendance, for this reason, is mandatory
One of the most horrible teacher I have ever had in USC. Lectures are long and boring. Too much of reading and work for a GE class. Assignments are long and meaningless research paper. Guys, seriously, take pass no pass if possible....or simply just don't take his class.
Prof. E. has one of the most politically charged lecture styles I have ever had the misfortune of experiencing. The class should be called, "An American History of Human Suffering." You will spend 3 weeks on Colonials robbing Natives, and between 5 and 15 minutes discussing the revolutionary and civil wars. Stay away if you want an good/easy class.
Lots of reading and all assignments are essays and there are quizzes once in a while. Way too much work for a GE class. Grading is pretty tough and material is dry. Take it pass/fail if you can, you won't regret it
His 2 hour lectures are unbearable. He goes off on a lot of tangents during class and a lot of material is not useful. There's a lot of reading, but if you stay caught up on the reading the quizzes, papers, and blue books are really easy.
Professor Ethington is really helpful and very considerate with the workload he assigns. He goes off on tangents sometimes but it's interesting. He just knows so much. Grading is fair. Readings are interesting.
Overall good class
Even though attendance is mandatory and there is a quiz every session which is very easy btw Prof. Ethington is very nice. The class is not hard as long as you put a little bit of effort. He tries to make as easy as possible for his students an is always willing to help. He even lets you retake one of the midterms.
Ethington is a nice guy, but his lectures aren't interesting because he tends to ramble and say too much. Some of the assignments and policies are annoying - attendance is mandatory and even showing up one minute late will cause you to lose points - but the course is pretty easy as long as you prepare your essays well and do the work correctly.
He is very nice and pretty chill. Attendance is not mandatory and not necessary because you can find slides online and all the important info in the textbook. But I did go to lecture because he is really interesting and knowledgeable.
Worst professor I have had at USC. He is boring, flat out wrong, and is not engaging. The work is petty. The book is a joke...Same book used by non-honors/non-AP classes at my high school. The work is petty and juvenile at best. Easy pass fail. If you want to learn ANYTHING about American history, do not take this class.
He assigns the reading of 2 books, which are actually interesting and fun to read (I loathe reading and couldn't stop with his assigned books). His lectures are kind of jumbled and he assigns 3 12 page papers, but he's right, it's actually a small amount in terms of the information you learn. I really enjoy Ethington and enjoyed his class!
Ethington is ridiculously knowledgeable about his lecture material, but unfortunately he is far from interesting! His assignments are scattered and strange, but he is always open to questions. He allows essay revision for a better grade, which is lenient. Minimal participation and some focused effort on the written work should do the trick!
Great teacher and great guy. Always happy to help with questions and problems. He knows everything about everything!! you'll learn something in his class whether you want to or not. Highly recommend him unless you don't like too much reading
This class was not very interesting for me. However, Ethington is a great professor and he is brilliant. He is not a very hard grader and he is very helpful. Do not take this class if you are looking to do little reading and writing!
Professor Ethington is awesome! He is the most brilliant professor I've had in college so far. He is super helpful and very kind. Definitely do the reading that he assigns.
Easily the most worthless class I've ever taken. Even we weren't sure if he knew what he was talking about, and he had no clear direction with the assignment he was giving us. The class description said we were going on a field trip, but due to his complete lack of organization, the trip was scrapped. Don't waste your time with him.
As far as HIST 300 goes, Ethington's class is great. He's ridiculously intelligent, and you'll always learn something from him. The only drawback is that he's a little scatterbrained. Be prepared to figure out assignments on your own, but otherwise-- great experience.
He's honestly one of my favorite teachers. Super nice guy, extremely smart, and very helpful.  He does go off-track sometimes and talks of things not necessarily related to the class. Still, he's really interesting and you'll always learn something from him.  He's kooky but his class is really fun.  I've already taken two and plan to take more.
As a thematic option professor he should be among the best and brightest.  He is certainly neither.  Ethington is incapable of staying on track and has no idea what he's talking about.  It's obvious that he much rather disregard class material and just rant on his latest obsessions like highways and homeless people.  This class is a semester-spoile
most useless class in my life. total joke. i was never sure he had read the book or prepared for class. in his office, you could never talk to him because he was on the phone or somebody came in. he didn't care about student. sucked!
He think's he is funny, but he's not. His lectures are long and boring. He came in late often. Changed his test/quiz days constantly. But, the course is not hard to pass. If you can tolerate a professor who think's Nixon was Satan, Bush is ruining the country, JFK was not enough of a revolutionary, and repeats anti-military garbage, then take him.
1128592	Arthur	Auerbach	32
Auerbach is AMAZING- by far the best professor I have had so far at USC!! His lectures are straightforward and if you take good notes, do the readings, and study both you will be just fine. 
Learned a lot in this class. Auerbach is probably one of the best lecturers in the entire university. He's a tough cookie, but still worth taking his classes. 
Week Format: 1st class covers legally related info to a political topic, next class are debates. You sign up for 1 debate a semester, where you write a 10 pager and debate for 30 min. Midterm material was vague. And there's a hard 12 page research paper. Final was clearer. I did learn a few cool things. Material is basic and he is a hard grader.
Professor gives clear learning objectives and has a very personable teaching style. He is very approachable and knowledgeable about the subject he teaches. The class overall is not easy, but if you are pursuing a career in law, this is a must take.
Guy is quite annoyingly right-wing. He was seriously un-cool when it came to discussing the death penalty: he never gave any other viewpoint other than a kind of glib 'humor' in favor of it. Same thing with tort reform- lots of Republican talking points and none of the pretty good arguments about why tort reform would be a disaster for America
Such a raging liberal... Cant see past his own views when lecturing. Dont expect to  get anything from a free market/pro business perspective from this guy. That being said, he's so incredibly easy it's embarrassing.
Art is one of the best professors I've had at USC. Even though this is a GE, this is one of my favorite classes this semesters and Art does a great job of making the class interesting. There is a LOT of reading for this class, but it's not necessary to do it to pass the class. Highly recommend this class. Art is a gem.
Auerbach is probably one of the best professors I have had so far. He is a great lecturer and wants his students to succeed. His class is not so difficult (at least for his Supreme Court class). Just take REALLY good notes in class and study them really well. Do the reading to participate in class because he LOVES students who participate in class.
Professor Auerbach says the first day that 444 is probably one of the hardest classes in the polisci department and that's not a lie but if you are serious about going to law school you should really take this class to see what you're getting into. And if there's any professor who can make the material and the class interesting its Auerbach!
Horrible professor. Do not take POSC 395 just because of him. He assigns you this stupid outline which he grades like a mad man. I got an A in the course, but it was the worst 2 unit experience of my life. Laura Hill is horrible as well. Too much is expected from a course where you hardly meet the professor and there are no lectures.
Auerbach is what people who want to learn want from a professor; he is knowledgable, kind, funny, helpful, accessible, fair, and understanding.  He is a clear communicator and has a passion for his work.  But you should know that his classes are not easy--they are challenging.  That said, if you put in the time, you will learn A LOT!
Great professor - that begin said, the class is hard and it is a good deal of assignments, and I wouldn't necessarily recommend it if you're not interested in the subject matter. However, the subject matter is really interesting (discrimination, etc.) and Auerbach does a great job. Fair grader, but definitely not easy. But rewarding and interesting
Professor Auerbach explains the subject matter in a very clear, comprehensive way. Unlike other law courses I've taken he doesn't hide the ball - he wants everyone to succeed. That being said if you're not willing to do the work I suggest you withdraw. If you don't keep up with the readings, participate and put in effort you'll not do well.
He is a great prof. He is a tough grader but you get what you put into this class. Definitely recommend him great prep for law school!
auerbach is extremely intelligent. tough grader, but justified in doing so because of how available and helpful he is. as long as you go to class you dont need to do readings because he covers the same material in lecture.
He's a nice guy, albeit a hard grader. It is imperative that you attend lecture because that is basically what's on the midterm. He assigns a lot of reading, but as long as you attend class, you don't really need to do it.  1 midterm, 1 paper, 1 simulation and 1 final.
Great professor, especially if you're planning on or are interested in law school. He uses the casebook method (used in law schools) for 340 and 444, meaning you really need to keep up with the reading, but it's pretty manageable. Very approachable. Funny guy. Discussion-based classes, not just straight lectures. Fair grader.
Grades arbitrarily, has no real experience in the fields he teaches, and is generally confusing/confused throughout his lectures.  Take him if you are interested in learning more about his kids than the relevant material.  Basically the guy standing at the office water cooler telling fart jokes.  I give him a solid C-
Although I ended up with a B- in his class, I still appreciate his enthusiasm in teaching and working with students. He gave great advice in career and studies. I was able to improve my grades down the line with his advice and encouragement in other political science classes. He is a fair grader, though, and the classes are not easy.
Auerbach is an extremely enthusiastic professor who truly enjoys teaching students, and helping them expand their knowledge. It's easy to do well in his class if you have all the notes from class, study for the exams, and especially if you go to his office hours and meet with him. He loves people who meet with him and/or participate.
Auerbach is a very popular teacher with a great sense of humor.  It's imperative to go to his classes because that's where you'll learn the most info.  His tests and papers are very tailored to a certain point, so study hard, and you should be fine. Also, take his class if you like to participate because he seems to favor those who do!
Knows his stuff. Gives straight-forward exams of pick 3/4 out of 5 short answers, then a single long final essay. TA's do grading in 100's, TA helps grade in 300's/400's. He attempts to get the class into the discussion. He's a soical guy and is a prof you'd enjoy going to his office in order to talk about things. I'd highly rec you take this prof.
he was such an interested professor to listen to in lecture for 100 and clearly knows a lot about politics. he clearly should not be teaching a 100 level class and always related to his law career. made posc100 way way too hard. great professor if you want to be a lawyer though
He was so funny, but this class requires a lot of reading and thought about the subject.  If you apply yourself, you will do well and come away with some great information.  He is pretty flexible and fair with attendance policies.  Great Professor with a fantastic amount of knowledge, but be ready to learn!
Awesome professor!  Actually made me interested in POSC.  His TA's do all the grading, but most of them grade fairly.  He's also very understanding if you're sick or something else comes up.  He's really funny, and more than willing to answer questions.  Sincde he used to be a lawyer, he has a bunch of entertaining stories.  Great class!
Great Professor.  A lot of material but if you can figure out how to study for his test and stay on top of the reading, they really aren't that bad.  He was always willing to put more time in helping his students understand the class better.
Good class if you focus. Professor is very knowledgeable and responsive. You learn A LOT from this GE. You're either going to hate or love poli sci after this class. :P
GREAT Prof! Exams are straightforward and fair! There is alot of material to read and know but entertaining in lecture, very helpful, friendly and approachable. BEST prof by far. Definitely take him if you have the chance, very knowledgeable about his stuff!
Good prof, he has tons of experience in the subjects he teaches and is generally a very personable guy. However, his class requires an EXORBITANT amount of reading and the tests are expansive... if you're interested in law he's a must-have, but if case law makes your head spin then this class is not worth the effort.
GREAT PROFESSOR!  Very engaging and enthusiastic.  There is a lot of reading, but it's manageable.  Plus, his drawings are really funny.
This class was intresting and lots of fun. He's really engaging and just someone you like right off the bat. Many people take multiple classes with him because he's so acessible and loves teaching. The class is done by giving a lecture then 2 to 4 people having a debate on the topic that they've researched and written on. He grades tough but fairly
Great personality. Class is a lot of fun. Tests are hard b/c they cover so much material. Takes time to make sure you understand everything and has no prob staying after class. He is a very tough grader though - takes points away for eveything. Overall I would recomend him if you have the time to put in - lots of reading.
1221679	Stephen	Madigan	32
WOW, I am taking this class right now and the class average was 65%. The other stats teachers class was so much higher. DO NOT take this class. you don't learn from his lectures and its often hard to understand what he is saying. 
He's a nice guy, mumbles during lectures though. I barely paid attention in lecture and only read the book studied the slides a few days before each exam, but I did all the extra credit (do it!) and got a safe A. TA's graded generously and were helpfulavailable. Tests are fair and papers are easy. Not my favorite prof but no need to avoid.
this class wasn't too bad. just do the extra credit and you'll do fine
Not a bad class. Study his review sheet before each test and you'll do fine. 
He's honestly not that bad. Yes, lectures are a little boring but when are lectures ever fun? He really wants all his students to do well, I mean he gives a TON of extra credit. His papers are so so easy and the tests aren't too bad. He gives a review guide before each test that pretty much has every concept you need to know for the test. 
lectures are kind of boring but his slides help on the test. DO THE EXTRA CREDIT, he gives a lot!! TAs are really nice. His papers are also extremely easy. Tests are a little hard but just put some effort into it and you'll be fine. Overall not a bad class. 
Lectures are kind of boring but his lecture slides are helpful on the test. Reading the textbook will also clarify things. Tests aren't too bad. I don't go to class very often and still do pretty decent. He gives ALOT of extra credit and papers are REALLY easy. He also curves your grade at the end; an 85 is a A-. 
Although lectures can be a bit boring, his lecture slides are great to study off of for the tests. Reading will clarify things. Papers are extremely EASY. Tests are a bit hard but only if you aren't prepared. TAs are helpful. Gives A LOT of extra credit. 3 tests, 3 easy papers, 1 final. 
don't even bother showing up to class.  even when i had a good night's sleep, i couldn't stay awake.  i eventually stopped going to class, but still passed the class because i kept up with the readings.  papers are graded very easy, tests are mediocre.  definitely wouldn't recommend.
Madigan is old and unorganized. He is unclear in his explanations and spends more time giving examples then teaching the concepts. He is very monotonous, it is hard to stay awake and be attentive. I was somewhat interested in psych before the class, but now I hate it. Take the other prof if you can.
Absolutely the worst professor I have ever had. He should not be teaching any class. He does not know answers to his tests, and marks students off for this. Very unclear about the class; you never receive a full syllabus. Impossible to hear him in a lecture, let alone understand the material. Have to teach yourself everything. Slides have nothing.
His syllabus is constantly changing and he emails out extranwork at random. His lectures are hard to follow. Tests are tough. There is extra credit though so try to grab those points. Also, there are labs due every week which aren't as tough as tests so be through and get those points! 
Lectures are incredibly boring. He takes attendance and exams are pretty tough. The book will help you in the essays but not really in the exams. Study his powerpoints! There is also extra credit which will help a lot. Take advantage of that.
Professor Madigan means well but his voice will literally put you to sleep. He speaks pretty quietly and mumbles while he rambles, never engaged students during lecture. AND the tests are hard. Papers are easy so if you study, attend class, and do well on papers you'll pass, but overall avoid if you can.
It is amazing how boring he is. I am not sleep deprived. I drank coffee. I went to his class and sat in the first row. Still fell asleep. He assigns a lot of textbook reading but in the end you will realize everything is on ppt. Ohh.  Those all nighter I pulled reading hundreds pgs are such a waste. Shouldve known that earlier. Good luck!
Madigan is an extremely difficult grader and one of the most boring teachers I've had. Most of the material comes from the textbooks and the tests always ask about specific examples covered in his Powerpoints. If you can avoid getting him, do it.
Make sure to get all the extra credit.  That will save your grade. It is not a very hard class but you need to put in the effort.  A nice TA is very important. Make sure to talk to your TA to go over your papers before you finalize them. Not too hard to get an A or A- with the extra credit. Boring but informative class.
His lectures are boring but he gives you the powerpoints (which are kind of hard to follow). You truly need to read the text in order to understand the material. He tries to help, though. He also gives extra credit, bonus points, and curves grades.
Most ridiculous professor ever. He eats freshman for lunch I guess. 3 papers and 3 midterms, papers are not too hard if you get a nice TA, but for the midterms, no matter how hard you study, when you get the test you'll go like &quot;what is this&#63;&quot;. They are just impossible. Lectures are completely useless, you're on your own. Avoid him at all cost!
Interesting subject matter, especially the last section so I recommend sticking with the class. He's not awful, just boring sometimes. Has a weird effect of giving boring, yet informative lectures and his class doesn't seem hard (not a lot of work) but nobody does very well on his test. Lot of extra credit and curves your grade, though.
His tests are ridiculous. At review sessions instead of answering questions he says &quot;look it up.&quot; The average on all the exams so far has been a D-  that can speak for itself.
I kept wishing I had taken this class with Renken instead. She is a much better professor. Madigan is kind of funny, but lectures are mostly boring and totally not necessary to pass. PPT are on blackboard, he sends a study guide prior to tests, and holds a review, but 5+ hours of studying does not ensure an A. tests are hard!
Avoid. He curves his grades but not enough. He gives extra credit but not enough, the means for two of the three tests were 72, and 61 respectively, not a cool class, don't even think about adding, choose the other professor.
Madigan is adorable. Lectures are a little boring and you can learn the material on your own but try not to skip because he will give you extra points on your final grade. Tests are hard but homework and labs are easy points and can save your grade. He's really good about extra credit and an 88 and above in his class is an A.
This is a class to weed out potential psych majors so even though it is a 100 class, it is a lot of work. Lectures help but his teaching is not enough + textbook is important. Do all the extra credit, that and the curve will save your grade from a miserable one.
Awesome professor! Very funny, lectures are informative. However, he gives out way too much tests and papers, but makes up for it by giving out A LOT of extra credit. The class curve will save you, as long as you read the book and all his slides.
This class is so easy but he is a bad teacher. So boring, couldn't listen to his lectures. Read the textbook and hope you get a good TA.
I actually took two courses with this porfessor: stats and research methods. Stats was a very easy class, though I find stats a fun subject. He gave so much extra credit! But Research Methods: a few students went to the Dean to report how bad it was - he didn't have a syllabus! He made up assignments as he went without writing them down! Avoid!
the class is really easy if you watch the powerpoints and read. you also get study guides. the teacher is really nice but boring, but you dont really need to go to class since everything is on blackboard
I really enjoyed this class. I liked his teaching style - not usual, but I liked that, more intuitive than sitting and learning. On the other hand this class was incredibly easy. He lets you get a lot of extra credit and does a lot of grade changing to make sure people pass. He's funny. He has a lot of office hours if you need help.
I took psyc 100 and 274 with him and I got a B in is 100 class and it was not that difficult, you just have to study. Statistics on the other hand was a joke and my only advice is DONT TAKE IT WITH HIM! He is awful at lecturing and he gives impossible tests.
The class is really easy to pass, papers are understandable and relatively easy. i got through the entire class without the text. Lectures are incredibly hard to stay awake in, and surprisingly NOT needed to pass. powerpoints are posted online before tests
540943	David	Wilczynski	31
By far the best professor I had while I was at USC. Very relevant coursework for anyone looking to actually work in the industry. Many of my classmates shared the opinions of the other reviewers. If you want to be a Web developer though,  why go to college at all.
He would constantly complain about how stupid the class was to the grader's via e-mail.  How is he even a teacher LOL
Rudest teacher, I've ever had at USC.  Also doesn't communicate with graders at all and his graders aren't afraid to randomly fail some assignments accidentally.
Students can expect their work to be graded on different standards due to lack of communication between the professor and the TAs/Graders. The requirements can be completely vague sometimes and might point to multiple inccorect directions. Also, the requirements can be changed the day before something is due.
Prof W is a terrible professor. He might have been good in 1994, but in 2013, the stuff he teaches is beyond outdated. He literally makes you a worse programmer than when you started. The class should be an elective if not completely eliminated.
No matter the fact that he's maybe rude/arrogant sometimes I think he's both a good prof and a great programmer in the industry. He's proud of himself but he also makes me proud of myself. He makes you a good programmer (or makes you believe that you are one) by talking about his experiences in the industry and teaching great design patterns.
Terrible class, easy professor.
Terrible teacher. Avoid if possible. He teaches out-dated stuff.
good professor that teaches well
Prof. W. spends the entire class saying how important group work is compared to tests, then makes test grades 50% compared to 20%(group project).  Half the things he "believes" in, is contradicted by his actions.  He states that this teaching approach is more like "mentoring" than teaching? Talk about lazy.
Worst professor I've had at USC in my 3 years of being here.
Easy class, terrible professor
This dude thinks hes the best programmer in the world, why is he a teacher then? Don't bother asking for help, he throws it in your face and ridicules you, even if you are getting a high grade in the class.
Very interested in talking about his own career. Doesn't teach much, he expects you to learn through your own work although you get barely any feedback until the end of the semester. He was very willing to help during office hours as long as you go in prepared. Not much work and a fairly easy class.
I don't understand why a lot of people are hating on Prof. W. Hes a nice guy, sympathetic to students, and teaches very relevant material. He may be a tad disorganized but he means well and the stuff he teaches is actually remarkably useful.
Took Wilczynski for CS561 in Fall 2008.  I enjoyed his class and learned a lot.  His examples were relevant to the couse work, and lots of real-world stories too.    I notice that many of those leaving negative comments are undergrads.  He expects a lot from students, but nothing unlike what you experience on the job.  Good training.
I don't know about the other courses he teaches, but CS 561 is good.
Everyone told me before how terrible he is, but I didn't believe them. This is the worst professor I have seen at USC, he is definitely lacking organization and sometimes we all feel like he shouldn't even open his mouth. Agents are good for only 6 weeks. Not a semester! Enough!! And what is up with FAA and inserting it into all my classes&#63;
BE AFRAID ALL NEW CS MAJORS. YOU NEED 3 CLASSES WITH HIM
Go to every class and use the TA's for help. He won't help you himself.
He is the worst prof I've ever seen. Never never take a course under him. He will kill your grades and GPA.
he is awesome..
Wilczynski sucks so bad. He doesn't know what he was doing. These two courses supposed to be design/project management course... but he fails to manage everything in these courses. No wonder he can't do anything else but become a teacher... who would hire him&#63;
About the previous 402 comment, this guy hasn't taught 402 for years. Anyways, I'm taking 201 right now , and he expects us to figure out on our own how database works, connect the databse with an online game system and all this on our PC, but the examples that are also bad, only run on aludra, but not on pc. Most of us think he sucks!!!!
I don't know what everybody's complaining about but his teaching of operating systems, while supposedly not as good as Crowley's, was very thorough and intelligently presented.  His grading was tough but fair and he also seemed to care a great deal about his students.
No Comments
All I can say is MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOD, :o))) this guy does not know what he is teaching!!!!
Don't take him!!!!!! He overloads you with work, unfair to students who are in his class, since his students have to do 2-3 times as much work than if you had taken this course with Macias or some other teacher.
Totally agree with the previous comments. This guy is unbelievable. A pathetic excuse for an instructor. His lectures are bad, he spends time talking about what he wants, but does tell you how you supposed to do it, so you are on your own! This makes you question why is he getting paid. Don't even think about going to his office, he kicks you out.
i totally agree with the previous rating... he is the worst CS professor i've seen in my life... he doesn't konw anything and thinks he does, his projects are sooooo underspecified that they're impossible to do. Avoid taking any course with him, even if your life depends on it...
He is the worst professor i have seen in my life !! He is famous for all the wrong reasons. My honest opinion to all is please, please, please never take any class under him. He is determined to ruin your grades even before he knows you. The most adamant and sick prof ever !!
540950	Sven	Koenig	31
Sven's really passionate about AI and it's very obvious he wants all his students to understand what's going on. He goes over so many examples in class that it's impossible to get a bad grade if you pay attention.
A very funny professor~
Excellant foundation course for AI. Professor really takes effort to make students understand concepts. Course covers introductory concepts in AI mostly so not a hard class.Exams and assignments moderaltly hard(mostly time consuming) if you do not attend class.excellant TA support for the class.
Dont take this class unless u dont have any other choice & all other classes r full
This class is not good.The professor is trying 2 make this class as hard as possible.Thinks very high of himself & easily gives 'F' to many students.I won't recommend anybdy 2 take his class.take it under sum other prof
This class is not difficult but a bit time consuming with three projects and three exams. THe lectures are good and fun (not all powerpoint) but Koenig sure should consider giving only As. I heard he gave some Cs.
Class gets easier towards the end.
Caring prof. I got answer to project email late at night. There is not mandatory attendence - who sais there is do not know what he is talking aobut. I watch video a lot. Class is not easy - you need to know logarisms, derivates and stuff.
I don't recommend it. Crazy amount of work, mandatory attendance. Prof is always in a hurry, running from place to place, hard to find him if you have a quick question. TAs do most of the work.
Class is a lot of work, it's not worth it unless you really like or need to know AI. It's definitely harder than other CS courses, so if you just want a good grade than this is not the class to take. The mandatory attendance is not nice of this prof.
very passionate prof
Class is ok, the first assignment is bit hard, I guess it is designed to weed out the students who are not really serious about the class. Rest of the assignments are easy, and it is not just because you got used to the class, they are really simple assignments, the exams are on the hard side.
you work your but off but get good grade but not all As, extra credit on projects and exams, professor lost his voice but still gave exam prep session for midterm, exams difficult but you can drop a problem, good TAs, no way you will fall asleep during class, attendence requirement
Professor says about final grades: 88 A, 27 B, 10 below B. No idea why some say class is hard. No math needed.
Class was interesting. I heard you take this prof if you want to learn AI. I learned AI good.
Not a good teacher, the last project is very hard.here is the link to it, http://logic4fun.rsise.anu.edu.au/. Like logic puzzles you need to encode in a hard to use environment.
turbocharged!
Interesting class. It's not about hacking systems but all about the methods behind the systems. A class in which one actually learns some science. Professor is really excited about the stuff he teaches.
The class is exciting, but the way he teaches it is very discouraging. The projects seem very hard. At the beginning both classes were full, so much that prof didn't allow anyone to add, now most people dropped.The enrollment stats speaks for itself: 76 out of 95, and 33 out of 69 students left in the sections.
good class if you study. prof gives knowledge test in lecture 1. if you do bad, don't take. if you do good, this is good class.
If u'r thinking that u gonna learn cool AI stuff, u'r wrong. Class is very theretical, exam is very hard.The mandatory attendance is a drag.
This guy is good! He covers a ton of material. Afterwards, one really understands AI well.
I'm sure he is a brilliant prof, but his explanations are just too complex. Covers a lot of material, without spending enough time on any of them. He does not have official office hours, and he is very hard to find, and hard to make an appointment. I would not take him again.
He is terrible, projects are very hard, he makes u learn Matlab is two days, then code up a project about recognizing images. He is bad.
Don't take, assignment is very hard.
This guy is crazy, the projects are very hard, I had CS 402, and projects in that class were easier, and he jokes about it, that it's easier than what he originally planned. He has mandatory attendance, TA's hand out a paper that you need to sign and the Ta collects it at the end of class, can't forge it, it has a serial on. R We in grade school&#63;
Simply one of the best. Puts a lot of effort and makes you learn
He was so energetic, cool, knowledgeable and inspiring and moreover a top researcher. I took another course with him (advanced AI) and learned a lot from him. He is an excellent teacher!
Pushing you harder
Beware the &quot;warm up project.&quot; Its like warming up by running a marathon, but the class is interesting!
No Comments
1766432	Neelesh	Tiruviluamala	32
Neel is the best math teacher I've had at USC. He doesn't just tell you to memorize formulas, he explains everything conceptually so that you will understand and remember it for a long time. He makes lectures interesting and you will learn a lot without being bored. You should definitely speak up and ask questions in his class.
Neel is an exceptional calculus professor. He teaches you so that you will UNDERSTAND the concepts and where the equations come from, which will help you in case you forget the equations. He's funny, extremely passionate about what the teaches and so so helpful in re-explaining things in a different way so you understand them. TAKE HIM FOR CALC!!
One of the best professors I have had in 4 years of undergrad at two different universities. Very careful to make sure students grasp the underlying principles of the material, not just knowing how to use equations. Makes math fun and beautiful. He's also hilarious, and very open to helping students--replies to emails, extends office hours, etc. 
Best professor at USC. Hilarious, makes class very enjoyable, is very clear and helpful. If you are able to do (and actually do) the homework, it is very easy to get A.
This was the first year he taught 445 and it started off really bad.  The first Midterm was a disaster.  He worked really hard however to put us back on our feet (he also writes up his own homework)  And at the end, the final had many repeats of the questions from past midterms.  Nicest professor I've ever had who genuinely wanted us to understand.
Very funny guy. Brilliant. Can tell when class needs more clarification on certain topics. Very good at explaining everything. Eager to help students and is easy to communicate with. Best professor for Math 118 as far as I can tell. 
So lucid is his lecture style.
Awesome Professor
Amazing professor. Professor Neel has changed my opinion about what constitutes a good professor. Incredibly understanding and kind, while being an effective lecturer. No regrets in taking this course.
Best math teacher I've ever had.  Attendance is not mandatory but he makes you want to go because of how informative he is. He also mixes in humor to keep things light-hearted. The only class I've ever had "fun" doing calculus! I only wish other calculus teachers are half as good as he is.
Best math teacher I have had at USC. He explains concepts in a very clear way and gives practice problems from previous midterms and finals. He also is always there during office hours and provides a ton of help. Neel is awesome!
Best professor I have had in college, ever. An amazing teacher that makes mathematics fun.
hes the best teacher hands down.
Excellent professor
Awesome professor who genuinely cares by far the best math professor at USC and probably one of the top professors in general.
Neel is awesome. Handsdown one of the coolest professors at USC. He makes math fun and is really clear. I highly recommend him! He really cares about students and is pretty funny in my opinion.
Neel is the homie! Easily the best MATH-118 professor, in terms of both easiness and clarity. Prepares his students well for the midterms and final and the workload is very light.
Calc II is not an easy class, but honestly, when I wake up and find Neel sending me review material at 3:30AM, there is nothing for me to complain!(and yea he's lectures are good as well)
best teacher at usc, extremely helpful and best class, he jokes all the time and makes it enjoyable, highly recommend it
Easily the best teacher I have ever had. He is extremely helpful both in and out of class. If you are going to take Calc 2 at USC there is no better teacher to have.
clear
I've never had a more enjoyable class. I had already taken Calc BC but not passed the AP, so the class was really easy and I always killed the curve (sorry!). Despite this, I learned. Especially partials, that was new to me.
Awesome guy. He really connects with his students, but not in a way that interferes with his teaching ability. Quizzes for this class come rarely, and are announced way before they actually happen (even if they were supposed to be pop quizzes). Engaging and interesting, Neel actually makes Calc III a very manageable class.
Very enjoyable lectures. Neelish is very casual in class and jokes with students. He makes the class fairly easy and does a good job of explaining the material. Great professor, highly recommended!
Best math teacher I've ever had. Doesn't use unnescessarily complex terms, and explains everything perfectly. I will continue to go to his office hours for all my math questions in the future. TAKE HIS CLASS.
The best Professor anone could ask for. Very helpful, explains difficult concepts easily, answers students questions and goes out of his way to find practice problems to prepare you for the exams. I had never taken Calc prior to taking him, and I can honestly say I learned alot from him and understood. Highly recommended!!
Neel was the business. I wasn't great at math, but he explained things very clearly and concisely and was very respectful of students of every skill level. He was also very available for extra help, which is great.
This guy is literally the best math teacher ever. Totally chill, and will explain anything perfectly to anyone. Very flexible and understanding of everyone. Never thought I would enjoy going to calc class. Well enjoy is a strong word- bearable maybe
Neel is the greatest math teacher I ever met. He is new to USC,and a UCLA PhD. He is humorous and explains every term crystal clear. Neel is always humble and patient to each question from student in class. Though the tests are not easy but are fairly graded. Greatest professor ever! Never hesitate to take his class! You'll love math.
He is such a funny and nice professor. He is trying to make the class interesting. He doesn't take attendance but I would not recommend you to miss a class because he teaches new topic every lecture. Every week there is a quiz which are directly taken from hw questions. Midterms were not easy but class is curved. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
Neel is one of the best teacher's I've had. Calc is not my strong point, but he makes every effort to help everyone understand everything. The class is fast-paced, covering 7 chapters in 1 semester. Weekly quizzes in discussion, right from homework. Exams are harder, all word problems. If you do the homework and go for help, you'll be fine.
Neel is an awesome guy. He understands his students very well. The tests are pretty challenging but he definitely knows how to teach. I would definitely recommend him as a professor if you need to take his class. He also grades pretty fair and gives all his students a fighting chance. super chill.
1190139	Mendel	Fygenson	30
If your not above average in Math, this class will be hard for you!
This class is one of the most difficult core classes that have to be taken in the Marshall curriculum. The professor has his own course reader and does not use the recommended statistics textbook. The exam questions are relatively similar to the class practice questions. If you revise ahead of time, you can do well.
Entertaining but not very good at explaining concepts.In hindsight the class wasn't TOO hard but not the best choice if you've never taken stats.Exams(Open-note) are about answering the way HE wants rather than understanding concepts.No Blackboard channel; you go to a specific building to see grades. Does large chunks of hw for you in class.
You must know, this stats class is NOT mathematical. What this guy wants is good. He wants to prepare you for the business world. However, he is horrible at presenting the material. His office hours are useless since it is always packed of other students. Plus when you ask him a simple question he makes you feel stupid for not knowing
You have to be very open minded to do well in this class and have a good attitude. Fygenson is one of the best teachers I have ever had and completely prepared me for the business world. If you are sharp and can take a joke then I would highly recommend him.
I really would not take 310 with Fygenson if you have any other option. He's unclear, condescending, and what he teaches is inconsistent with what other professors do, so I couldn't even get tutoring through Marshall.
I feel that a lot of raters are misinterpreting the purpose of this class. If you think learning complicated mathematical statistics concepts will help in making business decisions, you're in the wrong major. Class appropriately focused on the business world and wasn't too hard. Fygenson is a funny and approachable guy if you aren't too shy
Extremely difficult to follow the lecture, he is often upset when students would ask questions that are 'obvious', he makes his own course reader, lectures are not mandatory, extremely boring
Everything he says is useless. Take him if you want an easy statistics class.
I got a B+ by doing all the projects, keeping up do date with the homework and getting tutoring occsassionally. This is a hard class but if you stay on top of your stuff and know the practice tests inside and out you will do fine. I really do think that this class helped me a lot in making good-decisions in life based on facts not feelings
If you want to actually learn stats, dont take him. If you want to learn what Fygenson has to say and recite it all back on a test, take his class. The class is pretty easy going, just don't ask any questions, he is not very clear and he is not a good stats teacher. Don't let him confuse you, he makes simple things more difficult than they are.
Bad teacher, but tries hard and is likeable. He has mixed reviews because he has 2 versions of exams with different questions. Half the class did well and the other poorly because of pure luck from the test given (shown by his own statistical analysis shown in class). He also doesn't grade assignments, so you can't tell how you are doing. Avoid!
This professor is AWESOME!!! He has been students choice for years.  I am no teachers pet and got a B, working hard. He makes himself available when ever you need him.  I once misplaced my mid term test packet the night before the exam. He met me at his office to give me one and answered several of my questions.  He cares about his students alot!
AVOID! He might not teach anymore bc he may retire or something, but still he's a terrible professor. He's nice and wants students to do well, but doesnt explain things, just wants you to know things already and is confused when students dont get something. If he knows your name you will get picked on A LOT. If youre ok with that, then he's ok.
All tests are open book and open note so if you go to class and do the homework there's no reason not to get an A. If you can handle his sense of humor and don't care about really understanding stats, definitely take it with Fygenson.
makes the class fun and if you attend lecture and pay attention then theres not much you can do wrong.motivates students to do well and is very influential if you get to know him. some students dont like him coz he's outspoken and slightly absurd but he's definitely worth your time.. he can set you up for an internship or even a job if he likes you
Great and interesting guy, horrible horrible Stats. Professor. Unhelpful during class and office hours. Tries to get you to think critically about business problems, but doesn't give the proper Stats. foundation to address the problems.  Its a very simple class, but he manages to make it very complicated with vague Q's. I DO NOT RECOMMEND AT ALL.
The worst professor EVER. He obviously doesn't know how to teach and he always talks about the &quot;REAL&quot; business word..
this is a hard class. youd think open book tests would make your life easier but it juts makes him think hes making your life easier so he makes it harder. also hes definitely more interested in real world philosophy than in teaching statistics.
Great teacher! Really funny and interesting. If you go to lecture and review the class notes, you can get an A. Definitely recommend him for stats.
Worst professor I've ever had. He is pretty obnoxious, painful class to sit through.
Interesting professor, makes fun of students a lot. If you have taken MATH 218, getting an A in this class is not a big problem. Just go to all his class, read all the materials, do all the projects, and you will be fine. I studied a day before the final and I got an A.
Love this guy.
If you've ever taken so much as an intro Stat class, this is an absolute joke.  Mr. F's pretty goofy and the course he teaches is a cake walk.  Just lie low and watch him torment the goody-goodies.  It's kind of hilarious.
Worst teacher ever. The negative comments are all true to the point. If you want to be belittled and harassed, by all means do attend his class. if you are one of those teacher's pets, then you might get a pat on the head. I learnt nothing at all.
He is not as bad as the others are saying. Yes, I attended every lecture, but the class was not too hard. I got an A- by taking notes every class and studying 2 days before the midterm and 2 before the final- that's it (plus some group hw's). He is arrogant, but I understood him- the other people who commented aren't too smart, clearly.
Other user comments are almost always correct. He does the hw in class. Tests are open note. Attendance not mandatory.
If you want to learn philosophy, go to his class. How is this even a statistics class&#63; All he talks about is himself, when he attempts to talk about anything else, it's to poke fun of students and banter about the most irrelevant stuff. Such a waste of time and effort. Oh, and if you're confused, don't ask him anything, you'll just get more lost.
He is VERY unclear in explaining things and if he learns your name, you'll never hear the end of him making fun of you one way or another. The good thing is, his tests are completely open book/note and he does 1/2 the hws in class.  He lectures on important things but he doesnt teach the material well
he is an intuitive teacher who doesn't teach math, he teaches intuition and real-world skills. you learn better this way but it is more difficult. anything but a statistics class, more of a business class, which is exactly what he wants. good teacher, but not a walk in the park.
964788	Bob	Shames	29
Shames is a great guy. He genuinely cares about the success of his students and is always willing to help. He can throw curveballs on tests, but if you study hard they are not bad.
Professor Shames is amazing and such a nice guy. Makes himself extremely available to students and really cares about them. One of my favorite professors. 
Shames made accounting interesting and fun and made me want to possibly double major in accounting (currently business major)
Shames is the man, best teacher I have had at USC and definitely the best accounting professor. Study up on your Seinfeld because he will love you forever for it. Best and most understanding teacher you can get.
Shames is definitely hands down the BEST accounting professor you could be lucky enough to have. He gives you hints on tests, he tells you exactly what is going to be on the tests, and is a very understanding and lenient grader and professor overall. Take advantage of office hours because he will really like you. and if you play tennis, TELL HIM.
Hands down best professor I have ever had! HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND! Makes accounting fun and interesting
Shames is one of the best professors I've had so far. The course gets a bad rap, and I'm not much for accounting myself, but Shames makes the class enjoyable and engages students well, and he truly cares about how they do. I didn't walk out of a single exam where he didn't ask me personally how I felt I did. Take Shames's class.
Bob Shames is a great guy. You have to work for an A and his tests are fair. Didn't like that hw is assigned before it is taught, but I learned a lot and loved the class.
BEST PROFESSOR EVER! Nothing to debate, take this guy, he is a boss. So friendly, understanding and fair.
THE BEST PROFESSOR EVER! Take Shames and you wont regret it.. He is the most friendly and adaptable teacher..
Awesome guy! Favorite professor but it is not an easy class overall. Probably the best option for Accounting I. Take him!
Favorite professor so far! He is so helpful, funny and approachable. His tests and exams are tough, but fair. A lot of hard work is required, but if you do your homework, study for midterms/quizzes and go to class you should do fine. He really cares about his students and he can definitely make a super hard subject like accounting bearable.
Phenomenal. Incredibly nice, helpful, friendly, REALLY CARES, very fair, so eager, I cannot say enough nice things--fave prof so far
great professor, he cares.  make sure you stay up on the work or you WILL get left behind, catching up after that point is nearly impossible.
Favorite professor at USC so far, extremely helpful, wants to help student succeed and understand material, relates topics to real world, creates very fair yet difficult tests, class requires a lot of effort but if you put in the effort you will be rewarded
Bob Shames is the man. He's a great guy, he's very funny, and he relates accounting concepts to the real world. His class isn't hard if you keep up with the homework. Most of the lectures are about going over the homework problems. Do the homework, study for the quizzes/tests, and you should get an A.
Shames is the best. Accounting was made bearable and I'm positive I never want to do accounting. Midterms were hard but straightforward, he's very willing to help his students. Take him.
Shame is hands down one of my favorite professors at USC. He is a great professor and really cares about his students. He honestly made me want to double in Accounting, which I never though about doing prior to the class. And if you think you'll hate accounting, I still recommend taking him because he can easily make accounting bearable.
Great guy, very good teacher.  Straight forward and easy to understand.  Teaches from the book.  Cares a lot about students.  Group projects are annoying.  Tests and some quizzes are kind of hard (but he knows that and curves accordingly).  Go to class: he's helpful, he takes attendance/collects homework, and he likes people who talk to him.
Shames is the man! very engaging funny guy, I hated accounting after 250A but now it's tolerable because of him. Make sure to keep up with long readings and not get bogged down. takes attendance sporadically and collects homework so show up, sit near the front and talk to him. Don't underestimate quizzes, midterms, or final. all are difficult
Shames lectures come directly from the book. If you like a straight-forward class, take accounting with Shames. He's a nice New Yorker who gets sidetracked easily. His tests can be a bit challenging because it has a lot of material in a short amount of time.
Very nice guy and I didn't believe his tests were hard.  He was always willing to help and talk with students which I really liked.
Lecture is mostly from book but he will stop to answer questions. He is pretty cool and entertaining considering it's accounting. Very happy he was my professor.
Teaches straight from the book, can't answer questions and doesn't seem to care. Lecture is just the powerpoint slides that come with the book...I know how to read I don't need him to read it to me. Complete waste of time, terrible professor needs to be replaced ASAP.
Prof. Shames makes class fun and interesting. I must admit he doesn't answer questions promptly. Sometimes it might take him a few classes to get back to you. Tests were fair. Show up to class and do the homework and you should do well.
Professor Shames does not explain the material very well. If someone asks a question he doesn't give a clear answer. The tests are multiple choice and solving problems. He curves the grade so it is not difficult to get a passing grade.
His voice is very low, and the explaination of the material is not clear at all.Don't like the style that : if you ask him a question, he will tell you to wait, or &quot; I will explain it on the class later&quot; ( means next week or even couple weeks later)  Maybe he is a good professor for 250B, but not 370A
as long as you do the hws and go to class it is the easiest class ever. he explains things very clearly and has been teaching forever. far better than the other 250b teachers who either go too fast or don't speak english clearly. I highly reccoment taking his class for 250b
No Comments
1285191	John	Walsh	29
Professor Walsh is hands down the best professor I have ever had at USC.  He goes out of his way to make lectures fun and interesting, I would take this class a million times over if I could.  He is hilarious and gives breaks during lecture. virtually no assignments, greats TAs, and you will know exactly what is coming on the tests.  
Dr. Walsh is awesome. He's hilarious and makes material pretty interesting. As a non-science major, I struggled with the tests and the curve wasn't super helpful so i did get a B, but the class is really interesting and Dr. Walsh is very available for helping students.
Dr. Walsh is a great professor and a VERY nice person!!! He is able to explain in the  crystal clear way very difficult concepts. I have learned A LOT in his classes. Highly recommended for pre-med students. He is one of the best professors I have ever had!!!!
Professor Walsh makes class really fun, shows videos and animations almost all the time. He makes sure students engage with the material, but success in the class is largely up to how much time you devote to the material outside of class.
Walsh is great but the class is pretty difficult. I took it pass/fail and really enjoyed Walsh's lectures because he puts the information in real life context. The class is ridiculously hard though, the exams are pretty unclear, take this pass/fail and enjoy it.
One of the best professors I've had. Very enthusiastic, very friendly, and very capable of teaching interesting but difficult material in a fun and exciting way. Absolutely recommended to anyone, though the TA's grade at different levels of strictness..
He's an entertaining guy, spent a lot of time in class talking about his personal life. His powerpoint slides for lectures are TERRIBLE and taking notes can be difficult due to his talking speed, so record lectures and re-listen. Midterm questions focused way more on detailed biochemical processes than I anticipated (instead of big picture aging)
Dr. Walsh is awesome!! I would highly recommend his class. It was not a super easy class, however, Dr. Walsh is very clear about what he wants you to know for his tests.
Professor Walsh is so great!  He is so excited about the material and keeps lecture so energetic.  He is extremely approachable, understanding, and intelligent.  His difficulty level was medium compared to my teachers at SC and was super laid back so if you like strict class structure you may not like his teaching style. Take him!
Walsh is not super organized, so you should study the OMLT carefully on your own time. However, he is fantastic and his approachability and passion will get you interested in the material. Very knowledgable TAs, but condescending airs did push some students away from asking valuable questions and contributing meaningful insight in discussions.
This is a love it or hate it class. Take it p/np or if you don't care about your grades. There is completely no structure to the class and when you have a test there are a lot of surprises. Also some of the ta's grade harsh I had a another ta other than the one I have grade my presentation and he graded me way harsher than in buad 302
The root system made it hard to learn material because it was all over the place. There was a false realization for where the curve would be. My TA had a 'Grad Student God Complex' and graded way to harsh, first time ever recieving a B on a paper and Im an Honors English major :/ Dr Walsh is nice but just shows up to class an goes through the Root
Probably one of the best professors I've had at USC. I may not have gotten the best grade but the class has left me with real-world knowledge and awareness. Both the prof. and the TAs are super passionate about the class and their fields/research.
Great professor, great class, great TA's. However, I poured myself into the class only to face a harsh curve that told me loving the class isn't enough. This class is like an awesome party only with a killer hangover.
John Walsh is a great professor, but my TA sucked. He was reluctant to give help, and graded entirely too hard. I'm all for a challenge, but when I put my heart and soul into a project and get a c for it, that is absolutely unfair. John Walsh is awesome, but you might be too busy dealing with a poor TA to appreciate him.
Interesting professor, very passionate and pretty chill. Root system makes it hard to learn if you are a student who prefers to read things in textbooks. The class was a bit disjointed and Root also didn't have accurate grade reports. Overall a solid GE but it would have been much harder if I didn't have a background in AP Biology and AP Psychology
Avoid if you don't plan to come in as a premed student or with a strong AP Bio background. Loved the first class, but was left completely in the dust by the end of the second lecture. Switched to pass/fail immediately. Prof uses ROOT, which has some cool features, but fails to weave material together like a traditional textbook. TAs are top tier.
Such a fun class! I've never had a prof care more about his students and learning. Loved the way he made us all feel comfortable asking questions and kept us interested. Def would suggest to anyone who isnt even a scientist or sci major!
He was a good teacher but he gave the class a false realization of what the curve for an A would be when he showed it at 85. The class was interesting and he is a good profesor but the class is curved unfair so if you are looking for an easy A don't take this class, but if you are looking for an interesting topic take it.
The only thing that was 'cool' about this class was the subject. The prof is only interested in his precious root system, doesn't respond to emails in a relevant manner, and you never really know what your grade is. Kicking myself for taking this GE
BEST CLASS EVER! 2 midterms + 10 page paper + oral presentation + final. Class is curved with A at about 85%. Gives GREAT study guides. Very relevant + interesting, lots of talk on Ecstasy, Marijuana, Bipolar, Parkinsons, Touretts. Teacher is chill surfer guy. I rate this class at 110%! Take it!
Best GE at USC!  All material is online; learn from great videos rather than boring textbooks.  Material is extremely interesting and relavent to today's society: depression, anxiety, drugs, Parkinsons etc.  Professor Walsh really cares about what he teaches:  How many professors have you had break down crying in a lecture when something hit home?
TAKE THIS CLASS! I never had an interest in neuroscience but now that I've taken this class I find it so interesting. Walsh makes everything so relatable and is very understanding. I learned so much in this class! I will take anything Walsh teaches. If you pay attention, you will do well and love the class too.
Dr. Walsh is a great professor! He goes over the info many times and always gets the class involved to help us understand. He is speedy at replying to emails. This class doesn't require a textbook, so you save a ton of money there. You use an free online website that is super easy to use. He's compassionate, intelligent, and hilarious. A+ for John
Easily my favorite class at USC thus far. Prof. Walsh is extremely enthusiastic about the topics and truly loves teaching.
please do yourself a favor and ignore those negative comments. he's really kind and passionate about teaching. Killer prof. easy As can be hard to come by in the gero dept. but hes very close to that.
Great professor!  He is very helpful and provide lots of feedback on assignments.
great professor... take the class if you don't care about grades. I learned A LOT.
ugh! I don't know where to start. He killed my interest in neuropathology! Tries hard and is very likable, but he's way too difficult of a grader. Extremely subjective.
790819	Deborah	Harkness	29
She is super energetic and makes everything really interesting. She also breaks up the class and gives plenty of breaks. Plus she is casual and doesn't mind if you eat in class, which makes it fun and easy going. She is really helpful in guiding paper writing and gives good time to get papers done.
Personally I do not like history, but I took Harkness's class and I had a good experience. A good class. You don't have to study too much, but just make sure to attend lectures and use the study guide she gives you.
Attended class everyday. The lectures were very interesting and the professor was very good at teaching all the material in the textbook. The test reviews were very helpful for both the midterm and the final. Great professor, would suggest to take as a GE 1 class.
It was an interesting class, but the lectures got to be dry after a while. She is enthusiastic about the subject, but the lectures were just too long. She is a very good professor, I would recommend this class for a ge.
Love, love, LOVE her. She really tries hard to make the history interesting/relevant and has really interesting/funny anecdotes about the historical figures. Knows so much. Gives good study guides for exams and is extremely helpful.
It's true. Professor Harkness is the worst. She is so fake and phony. She is just so mean if you don't suck up to her. She expects you to worship her and be grateful that she is your instructor, not just be respectful like a normal professor would expect. Your grade will suffer if you aren't sucking up to her, even though the TAs do the grading.
Professor Harkness has a few favorite students and is unusually mean to everyone else. If she doesn't like you, your grade will be horrible even if you're a very good student. I never thought colleges hired people like this, she seems like a evil first grade teacher.
Wonderful person and professor! 103 was my favorite class this semester. Interesting lectures, you will learn a lot of weird/fun facts. It's good to go to lecture and take notes so that you understand what she puts emphasis on, but all material is in the books. Reading all the novels is completely unnecessary to do well in the class.
Harkness is interesting, so is the information. But the lectures are so information intensive and last long/are boring... but the tests and essays are fine - if you're good at memorizing facts. I should have taken this class for a grade instead of pass/no pass... I would have gotten an A-. Her TA's graded pretty easy and fairly.
Harkness is such a nice woman.  If you show interest/have issues she is more than willing to help out. Although her lectures go at a very fast pace (hard to take notes sometimes) and can be kind of boring at times, she makes it as interesting as possible. She complained a lot about kids not showing up to lecture. Lot of work, but pretty easy class.
Harkness is a great teacher and she makes her extremely long lectures actually interesting. He lecture notes are pretty important, but reading the books is also a big part of the class. She also will call you out if you use a cell phone during lecture. Tests are pretty easy and the paper topics aren't bad either.
This may sound strange (especially since this course is a G.E.), but Harkness is one of my favorite teachers on campus.  Yes, there is a lot of information to follow in lectures, you really do have to read the various books, and you should probably attend the discussion sections. But she's a great storyteller, and I never found myself bored.
Wonderful teacher. Her lectures are great, she's wonderful outside of office hours, and totally keeps you interested in history. Make sure you go to lecture - best class I had this semester!
Extremely knowledgeable, helpful, and kind professor. Encourages critical analysis and understanding of the history of Modern Europe. Survival guide: Go to class and take notes; ask question in lecture, attend mandatory discussion section, read all the mandatory readings and take notes because you need to cite them in exams. Must know your TAs!
She is a great professor. She goes out of her way to help her students and is very enthusiastic about the material. She is a pleasure to talk to if you need help. No criticisms. I would recommend this class to everyone.
Did you notice that the TAs look like the professor and think like her too&#63; I found that very weird, especially when she took on the professor's exact pitch. Focus on women is sometimes too much, not that there's anything wrong with that.
i like history so maybe thats it... but i loved professor harkness' class. her lectures are really interesting and even though they can be kind of long, they keep your attention well. also, there isnt a ton of work involved in the class. read the books, go to discussion, and a couple papers, thats about it. overall LOVE this class.
She is a really great teacher, and as others have said, she does explain her lectures through interesting stories. We watch movies in class too. She also lets you out of class half an hour early, and connects to the students. I am not a history major, but I would definitely take another class taught by Professor Harkness.
i see what the other reviewers meant. either you like her and love the whole renaissance meets disney or you don't and hate her tone, voice, and evocation of pillsbury and londonberries. she's not that bad though. she's just too close to the action to notice that not everyone cares about her class as much.
.
Professor Harkness's class was very intersting, even though I am not a history major. I found this class enjoyable, because she gives lectures like they are stories and organizes lectures with easy to follow powerpoints. Go to class often, because even though she doesn't take attendance, she knows who goes and who doesn't.
i really enjoyed her class on Early Modern Europe. I highly reccommend her as a professor because her lectures are really interesting. But to do well you must go to lecture even though she takes no attendance. I always went because i looked forward to her class.
should be on good morning america or maybe a special correspondent for oprah. the way she tells stories reminded me of my grandma's rendition of three little pigs.
I have taken several classes with Professor Harkness, and all have been very enjoyable. She is very cheerful, helpful, and accessible, and her lectures are always interesting. She is a very fair grader, and her exams are easy if you regularly attend class. Highly recommended!
She tried so hard to please. wonderful 7th grade teacher. didn't hand out gold stars but i was expecting her to do that until the last day. always cheerful. history is fun. i wonder how she would teach holocaust. history in pink. pink. pink.
Professor Harkness was an amazing lecturer and overall teacher. She really knew what she was talking about, and her lectures were very easy to follow and were set up so that you got the key words right away and could fill in whatever you thought was important as the lecture progressed. Hard grader but very approachable. Highly recommended.
Very professional in her lecturing style, very structured, but will still take any question.  Generous with time and texts in her office hours--take advantage of these!
No Comments
i guess the girls in the class liked her. not too interesting. too much of a focus on england. her excitment seemed fake to me so i got bored. real bored. but if you gotto take the class with her, just say yes and repeat what she says. sorta highschoolish
591587	M	Coombs	29
Very VERY helpful if you go top him personally for help
I thought he was a kinda funny guy. Definitely stern, has that air of slight egoism around him, and will tear you up if you're on facebook, but he's what you want out of a business professor. Slides are helpful. Maybe not as good as the other guy but I liked him just fine.
Professor Coombs' worst quality is that he is NEVER clear nor straightforward with what he expects of his students. This resulted in a great amount of inconsistency in his class and assignments.  Lectures always put me to sleep, and the assignments were tedious and dreadful. Other than that, most of the negotiations were enjoyable.
Very nice and really cares. I prob deserved a B+ but got an A-. You never need to read the course reader and memorize the book for the exams. Participation's really important to, so speak up & don't miss class. Go to office hrs so he knows you. Focus on the 'future' part of the evals by being very specific. Do all this and you'll have an A.
Great professor, very helpful and friendly, gave me some good advice when I was down! The class focuses on real life issues, so dont go in memorizing stuff coz you will fail the essay exams. I did the HWs, showed up to class, paid attention and religiously watched the video lectures. Got an easy A,highly recommend plus TA Bresnahan is awesome!!
His lectures are so boring and useless. But he can be helpful during office hours. For 304, lecture professors are not important at all. Your grades depend entirely on your discussion lecturers.
Lectures can get a bit boring, but the negotiation simulations are usually fun. Definitely recommend going to Prof Coombs's office hours, he's really nice and is very helpful. One midterm and one final, along with negotiation evaluations and strategy forms
Take Negotiation and Persuasion. It will change the way you think about asking questions and introduce you to simple tools used in communication. In class negotiations every week or two. Professor Coombs understands the material very well and is very accommodating and helpful.
Most boring class in SC. He doesn't know how to teach. His lecture is useless. Just need to pay attention to those theories on ppt. GET RID OF THIS GUY!!!
This class is completely useless and a waste of time! He deserves a 5 in easiness, coz he basically grades nth. All the assignments are graded by prof. Tolan. His lectures are boring and useless. Tests are directly from the book and video lecture.  Don't TAKE him !!!
Very friendly an dunderstanding prof.... lectures tend to get boring but have attendence... hw assignment staright from the text book... one midterm and one final... final is way easier... midterm involves tooo much detail stuff from the textbook... jody tolan is a great TA... participate in discussion... overall not that bad..
Very nice professor... very helpful and understanding! teaches course well... the homework assignments are very easy- straight form the textbook... one midterm and one final.. final is easier
Clever man and has engaging lectures. You can always see him at the Parkside dining hall eating alone-you should definitely say hi. Midterms and finals are hard but it's not unmanageable. Make sure you participate in discussions.
This class is a waste of time. There is no learning, only pure, and I mean PURE, memorization. I don't remember a thing from this class. This class will be a low point in your USC education.
A pretty cool professor, the class is pretty hard though, use the book and video lectures together and you should be fine
His lectures are so boring. Lectures aren't mandatory but discussions are. There's homework due every lecture but you can just turn up at the end when everyone's leaving to turn it in. The entire course is all about memorizing what's in the text and online lectures. His lectures are irrelevant and boring.
Good teacher.  He has no tolerance for lazy students, but if you put the work in and show interest he is a lot of help.  The lectures are aimed to enhance understanding but aren't used on the test.
I only watched ONE of his online lectures. They were so boring, I couldn't convince myself to watch any after the first one. I studied everything from lecture notes to related text reading. Hardly showed up for lecture. Discussion classes were a crucial part of grade. The exams were SO EASY, if memorizing is your forte.
I had a pretty hard time with this class. Basically the only way to succeed is to know EVERYTHING.
Nice guy, but lectures are really not that applicable to exams (material comes directly from text-MEMORIZE EVERYTHING!)
I seriously didn't go to class.. but it's madatory that you attend discussion! I didn't start studying for the exams at the last minute; reading is pointless, just get the notes from someone, spend 3 days studying, you'll be fine:) group projects count alot so do well! if you get coombs, get chris for TA!goodluck~
Horrible professor. Not understanding at all. He's out to screw his students over. Do not take his class.
His midterms are HARD! Avg. grade = 60... but the curve ends up helping. His lectures are pointless, same as the online lectures that you have to watch in order to pass the tests. Clear, flat jokes, long classes. Not too bad. Take Cummings, instead, though.
The lectures you have to attend every two weeks are useless, they don't add anything to the textbook. Midterm is ridiculous to say the least, you're tested on 15 chapters from the textbook and you have to know specific, useless details. Go with Cummings instead, if you can.
If this class ruins your GPA, you are an absolute moron.  This guy is the easiest professor on earth.  I showed up once a decade and got an A.  He doesn't add a whole lot of value outside of the readings.
No Comments
To vague at times.  Has a hitch which is distracting.  Nice guy though.
Coombs wasn't bad, he was actually easy even if you just half a**ed everything.  I had him in business strategy my senior year, and he's real understanding about you missing quizzes and tests if you have interviews.  He'll allow you to reschedule.
The worst teacher in all of USC. His class ruined my GPA. DO NOT take any of his classes, he is horrible!!!
459512	William	McClure	30
Dr. McClure is an amazing professor! He is definitely my favorite professor so far at USC. He is very knowledgable and passionate, and it really shows in lecture. I recommend his class to any and all pre-health students. He makes a required class quite enjoyable.
Dr. McClure is the happy scientist :) You can tell that he is passionate about science and teaching. And he is always there to help if you ask. Besides that, his lectures maybe a little bit fast paced for the amount of material. And Bio 220 is a hard class doesnt matter which professor you choose.
Dr. McClure is a knowledgable, lovable, and enthusiastic fellow, but his exams are very difficult. Given that tests make up around 80% of your grade, that can be problematic. There is a curve, but you'll need to devote yourself to this class to excel; it's a weeder course for premed students.
Absolutely amazing professor! One of my favorite professors at USC. Great enthusiasm and he's adorable. You don't have to go to lecture, but he makes you want to. Definitely recommended!
Even though I hate biology, this old man makes me smile. I like his teaching style.
He's such an interesting and entertaining professor. Definitely keep up with reading and lectures will be fun
Professor McClure is my favorite teacher at USC so far.  I personally always enjoy lectures.  As long as you understand the major concepts, exams are completely reasonable.  I'd suggest going to discussion, especially if you actually like this class, because you get to talk to McClure, who has a ton of fascinating stories and knows everyt
I dont know what these people are talking about.I LOVED McClure.He was one of my FAVORITE teachers at USC.  Sure Bio220 is not easy but it's a weeder pre-med class.And if you read the book like YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO and have an old exam or 2,then GUARANTEED A on his exams. Try to understand bio, not brute memorization. His tests are just like AP Bio.
I dont know what these people are talking about.I LOVED McClure.He was one of my FAVORITE teachers at USC.  Sure Bio220 is not easy but it's a weeder pre-med class.And if you read the book like YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO and have an old exam or 2,then GUARANTEED A on his exams. Try to understand bio, not brute memorization. His tests are just like AP Bio.
Professor McClure is obviously extremely intelligent, but he doesn't test you on what he teaches. If you could call rambling teaching. His curve is a joke, so don't expect to get an A unless you kiss his butt. I'm sorry Bill, but I wouldn't recommend you to my worst enemy.
Dr. McClure really cares about his students. His lectures can be slightly boring, but the tests are not too difficult especially if you get a hold of some of his old exams through a test bank.
His exams require a lot of memorization. The average on exams on his class are not bad. He uses a LOT of questions from his previous exams, so if you get a hold of any old exams and memorize the answers you will do fine, or you can memorize the book =)
Old and boring teacher, but really cares about students.  The material is pretty basic extensions of 6th grade bio but he doesn't connect the material well so the exams feel random and end up very difficult.  Doing the reading and heavy memorization of details helps.  Recommend taking it pass fail.
McClure is extremely enthusiastic about all he teaches. However, the class is equally demanding. Attendance is a must, as is very careful note-taking and studying, which sometimes seems too much for a GE course, even in TO. Also, beware: the final exam is cumulative, and it is a lot of info.
Dr. McClure is the best professor I've had at USC.  His enthusiasm is infectious and he is clearly passionate about the subject matter, which he articulates very clearly.  He has high expectations from his students and challenges them.  He is available for students and is fun to speak with.  I would highly recommend ANY class with him.
He is a very enthusiastic instructor, very knowledgeable, but lectures don't reflect exam.  Exams are VERY hard as there is an immense amount of information between slides & book.  If Science is not your major you will struggle in this course.  When students ask for guidance for exam his answer is &quot;know everything&quot;.
Very passionate about the course  and also an interesting person (very strange haircut) but tends to ramble and glaze over the most important topics.  Not a terrible teacher but also not great.
[G.Bio] He is a horrible teacher. Extremely high-ego. Very enthusiastic about the subject, but ends up rambling on about unrelated tangents. During his (completely unhelpful) review sessions, students try to kiss his butt with impressive but completely unrelated questions--to which McClure will very enthusiastically respond for half an hour.
I actually found McClure's section a bit harder than Herrera's section. Lecture really is useless, but McClure is pretty passionate about what he's teaching. Just read the book a ton and memorize all the tiny details.
McClure is definitely not a bad teacher but he will drive you mad with his exams. The key for his exams is really to read the book in detail and do all the practice quizzes in the book. Really take some time to visit him in his office as well since he also serves on admissions for the USC med school. He's got good info for pre med students.
He's a very enthusiastic, encouraging teacher. With that said he's very difficult on exams. Word of caution- READ THE BOOK!
He tries hard, but he's not a very good teacher.
No Comments
No Comments
Good lecturer, tough tests.
No Comments
I love Professor McClure. He is an amazing professor, and he is really knowlegable. Bio 220 with McClure and Herrera has been my favorite class at USC so far (I am even more enamored with Dr. Herrera). I definitely recommend this pair of teachers. They are extremely tough, but they are dedicated & concerned about the students learning the material.
Professor McClure had good intent, but his lectures are never relevant to the actual specificity of the course description.  His lectures are very broad and not in-depth.  He also offers no help in allowing study sessions with students before exams.  This is most unhelpful; his lectures are vague.
No Comments
No Comments
71186	Thomas	Cummings	28
This class is entirely taught in discussion, not lecture. Not important to go to Cummings lecture except for checking in through the website program they use and turning in a paper copy of your case study. He does not grade your work, Tolan or the other TA will do that. Great guy if you pay attention and ask questions, I didn't.
The video lectures for this course is way more important than the actual lectures. Focus on the video lecture materials and it will narrow down the important stuff to study. Professor Cummings sometimes tries to be humorous in lectures (but fails.)
His video lectures are a part of the class; can you believe it? They expect us to go to lecture AND discussion AND read a textbook AND watch these boring lectures... not very encouraging when Cummings himself states he never studied and his students shouldn't go to him with problems. You memorize alot, but don't retain a THING he says. Pathetic.
He's super boring, you aren't allowed computer/phone which makes the lectures even more torturous. I started bring sudokus every lecture. You don't really have to be mentally present in lecture, the tests are all based off of the online lectures. It's literally all memorizing. That's all you do. But a mutual dislike brings you close to your peers!
Cummings is funny and knowledgeable, but you could learn the material by reading the book and memorizing the Powerpoints, which is what you have to do to barely pass the class. Discussion teacher is more important. He doesn't give breaks anymore either, so it's 2 straight hours of him talking (at 8am...). Awful class, alright professor.
304 is annoying and I hated the class, but it's a requirement and he's a very good teacher.  It's nearly impossible to get an A, but that's true of any 304.  He's a cool, nice, funny, helpful guy.  Get ready to MEMORIZE.
Nice prof, but the way 304 is set up it's impossible to get an A. There are 2 midterms, 1 non-cumulative final, 10 HW assignments, & you have to do 3 research studies. MEMORIZE everything in the book and from his online lectures and you can stay at the avg or a little above. None of 304 classes have same tests, curved to your lecture section. hard.
EASY A prof.  Take this class even if it starts at 7am, it is well worth it, trust me.  He'll make your 304 experience amazing.
Cummings is def the best choice for 304. He is clear, funny, and does breaks during the lecture. He's a little akward and does inappropriate jokes but its all in good fun. Don't sit at the front or he'll pick on you. Def memorize the pwrpnts, pay close attention to online videos, and skim the reading. This class is totally easy if you do the work.
I love him!!! Really make sure you take him for 304 because he makes an otherwise boring subject funny.  He's such a nice guy that genuinely wants to see you do well.  I wish I had more classes with him!
Great charismatic teacher. Just memorize the slides and guaranteed A
Funny, down to earth teacher. i wish i had more class with him/ had more opportunities to get to know him better. get him over coombs if you can
Very good professor, online lectures can get very dull.
304 is a pointless class but Cummings makes lectures awesome. This is the only class I looked forward to going to all freshman year.
good teacher!
just like everyone before me said.  great prof and hilarious!  definitely take him! Also gives great advice during office hours.
excellent professor. easy to understand
Knows his stuff, hilarious at times and is very helpful, go to office hours, he gives great advice.
Great teacher. Take him.
No Comments
Take this guy instead of other guy, Coombs. He sucks BIG time.
good teacher, not too much work
Fantastic teacher
No Comments
Nice guy, good teacher, worthless class. Impression management is a crock of shizzer.
No Comments
He's so hot !!
He is very hilarious...especially him and his cut-out Marilyn Monroe figure
1104782	Marco	Papa	28
Just started the course and I am enjoying it very much. Prof. Papa always brings up historical tidbits about the Web that really put its development into perspective. I am really looking forward to doing an Ebay Web app and iOS app.  I am also excited at the prospect of learning howe to use AWS. Lectures are long at times, though.
Pretty bad instructor. Seems like he has no interest in teaching whatsoever. Reads through the slides and that's it. Assignments are very simpleeasy. Overall touches the very basics of web technologies. Exams only measure your level of memorization. Not recommended
Papa is one of the worst professor you will come across at USC. He has lot of attitude and is very abrasive. He makes fun when someone asks a silly question.  Not at all fit to be a professor.   However, the course is good if you are looking to add various skills to your resume.. Exam is all memory based. You have to mug up a lot.
 Although I have to say that Professor Papa is not that good at lecturing, but the the material covered in the lecture, oh no, ppt is fantastic! Almost cover everything important. I also love the assignment, which is clearly organized and useful for learning web developing. The only problem is the exam. You have to recite a lot from PPT.
This course just winded down. Material was consistently updated. Prof. Papa gives feedback and student help using Piazza and it works: my questions were answered in a matter of minutes. I enjoyed the lectures on Bootsrap, JQuery and HTML5. These are going to help me when I look for a webtech job. I would love more live demos and more code samples. 
I am almost done with this class for Fall 2014, and it is getting progressively difficult.  I have appreciated Prof. Papa additions of JQuery, Bootstrap and al the help he is giving us on the Android development (a new for me). Prof. Papa makes good use of the additional screen in SAL 101, with lots of demos for the code.  Very good instructor.
Slides are good. Assignments are really good. Papa just reads the slides which is very bad. Exams suck, you must be good at memorizing things to crack his exams
I'm in the middle of an internship obtained because of the material covered in Dr. Papa class. I know now that the class prepared me perfectly for the internship (lots of JavaScript, HTML5, Android API).  Dr. Papa definitely nailed the material I needed to know. Exams were not easy and the mobile demo took lots of time, but it paid off for me.
Worst professor i've ever had at USC. He is no fit to teach a graduate level course at any American college.
Just got my grade, A. Not an easy class, especially since the last exercises are pretty involved. Prof. Papa brings what seems a lot of industry experience and the lecture are always interesting as he makes use of multiple screens with all his iPads and MacBook. I was a able to get an internships real easily given the background I acquired.
Good homework. Exam sucks unless you turn yourself into a thing called google. Just a lot memorizing stuff.
Just finished the Spring course. It was *not* easy! The last project was really complex, but I am glad I was able to finish it. The whole course was pretty intense, but having gotten through I came out with a lot of info that I can use in my job search in web tech. Prof. Papa has presented relevant material that already helped me get an internship.
Excellent course and instructor. I am taking this class in my second semester at USC and I love the material. Prof. Papa is very good at showing us all web technologies and the history behind them. He is also very active on Piazza which makes it very easy to get doubts answered quickly.  I think I will get get prepared to interview for web tech.
Outstanding course. I ended up in the top 5%, and it was not easy, but the material is oustanding, and Prof. Papa knowledge of the industry is huge. I ended upbeing offered a DR, which is great. Highly recommended for masters students.
This course becomes self study if taken under Prof. Papa.
I am through about 1/2 half of the course (we are having the midterm this week) and this course has been outstanding. The extra visual presentation, using multiple screens with macbook and iPads, in GFS 106 is probably helping, but the material is well constructed and I really appreciate Prof. Papa knowledge of the technology space.
Just started taking this class. Earlier lectures are really cool. Also the classroom is amazing and Prof. Papa is using all the screens for a very good audio/video presentation. I am really looking forward to attend the rest of the course.
I attended Papa's class in 2008 and his class is my favorite. The assignments are very well organized, and I was always impressed by his passion for new technology. Though the class is most about web tech, Papa also introduced the mobile development and it totally changed my life! As a senior mobile engineer, I really appreciate his help!
Attending this class gave me access to an internship at Google. There is no book required, all the slides are available online, though I decided to attend the lectures so I could ask questions. Last semester we were able to do AWS and mobile project and it was awesome. Prof. Papa is a great instructor.
thanks to the awesome guidance provided by Professor Papa this course broadened my skill set and gave me exposure to multiple web technologies also increased my interest in building web products. I would highly recommend this course under professor papa to everyone.
Prof Papa is decent for graduate level. People who come in the class expecting to have their hand held will likely struggle. Going to class is not necessary because he simply reads off the slides, but when you ask well-formed questions online (Piazza) he'll respond (he says he doesn't reply to emails). Work is interesting assignments that are easy.
Worst professor ever. Don't know how he keeps his job at USC. Doesn't teach anything except for mumbling through the slides. Useless assignments. not responsive to emails...should I say more :(
He is indeed the worst professor ever. He does not know the subject. He forwards the coding slides and just gives the history of the web, as if we are interested! Please never take CSCI 571 under Marco Papa.
He is one of the worst prof. you can ever see....he has no knowledge and doesn't seem to be interested in teaching at all. He doesn't even help students and teaches for money because he can't earn from anything else. In short lines &quot;He is worthless&quot;....I donno why USC doesn't kick such professors &#63;&#63;&#63;
if you want to take CSCI571, stick with Dr. Horowitz.  If you want to be bored, take Papa; you can stay home and read the class notes and be more entertained.
I have to agree with the other raters. In fact, I was coming here to post the same thing before even reading the comments. You can tell he doesn't enjoy being there. I enjoyed the subject matter of the class, which is a bit too easy, but pick a different professor.
No Comments
Keep away from his class. either stick to Prof Crowley's or Prof Horowitz's 571
1634254	Aaron	Cote	28
Cote is a wonderful professor. I had him for both CSCI 104 and CSCI 170. He is exceptionally clear and he understands that students may not get the material at first. He is open during office hours and he explains multiple times when needed. He is very receptive to student feedback and for 170 he had amazing notes handouts that were amazing. 
I've never met a teacher that encourages questions than Cote.  Don't get me wrong, this class is tough.  But Cote is the person who makes it manageable -- if you go to class, pay attention, and ask questions, you will understand the course material.  He is one of the most clear lecturers I've ever had, and I'm actually so sad he isn't teaching 270.
Brilliant lectures; tough but insightful and great homework s.
Cote's students often hold back their questions in fear of sounding unintelligent. Do NOT do this. Ask about a topic until you feel like you completely understand it. What made this class absolutely awful was how harshly our HWs (heavily weighted), quizzes, and exams were graded. The TAs are only helpful 1-on-1. Anthony and Lian are very helpful.
Cote was fantastic! My Discussion TA was reeeelly bad, but Cote was good enough that it didn't mater. He cares, he makes jokes, and his class actually teaches you something.
You can tell he is really smart just from the way he lectures. He really cares about students having questions and will sometimes stop lecture until someone asks one. He speaks in a monotone but his lectures are pretty clear. He has a very nerdy, dry sense of humor if you're into that. Attendance is not mandatory but he doesn't post notes online.
Cote is an awesome teacher who will take the time during and outside of class to make sure you understand the material. While his tests are hard, if you go to class and do the HW's there isn't a reason to get less than a B. He seems to genuinely care about his student's success and in my opinion is one of the best teachers of the CS department.
You cannot write notes while he's teaching, you just cannot keep up!! Definitely a hard course but grades can be achieved
no matter how hard the concept is, he can explain  clearly. organized lecture. test questions are a little bit harder than hw problems. He encourages students to ask questions during class. Overall very smart guy who knows how to teach.
Explains everything very clearly. Tries to make sure everyone understands. Maintains the class at an appropriate, yet challenging level. I enjoyed his sense of humor. Learned a lot!
Unreal intelligent guy. I swear he has a computer in his head... That doesn't make his class easy though. Challenging material and complicated topics, but he explains everything many ways. Expect to work hard to get an A if algorithmic thinking isn't natural to you or you aren't a genius.  Pray for dumb classmates because he grades on a bell curve.
Good teacher with a good sense of humor. Very difficult tests and quizzes. If you pay attention in class, he covers all topics clearly and concisely, but lectures can be a bit boring, though he acknowledges this and tries his best to keep things interesting
Aaron's course was quite difficult, but I feel I gained more from it than if I had taken it with someone else.  He is very knowledgeable and available to students. I do feel CLRS is a more appropriate text than K&T.
I feel like his lectures I really boring. He doesn't give handouts or do power points. So it's just him talking the whole time. Read the book. Wish there were better options for discrete math.
Amazing professor. Let you to figure your way out instead of just dumping the knowledge to you. Relatively hard final but it's Algorithm!
AWESOME ...
one word .... AWESOME
Horrible professor if you're a bit slow in catching up with the class. Ask questions in the class and lets the students answer. He doesn't even repeat. EXAMS!! Are way too tough, and it's horrible to decide a student's talent just giving 3-4 questions in the exam. Take under CHENG! You'll be thorough in coding at least.
He changed my life.
Very good Prof :). Learnt a lot in his class. Homeworks and tests are tough though..
Very clear in explaining algorithms. Only theory and pseudo codes, no actual programing. Listens to each student's doubts, clears them and only then he continues. Some students might feel that he goes a bit fast.
Material is on the harder side but he is willing to go over it multiple times and is readily available outside of class. Course was curved making it easier to get a good grade. Gives homework on a near weekly basis which is difficult but doesn't really help to prepare you for the tests.
Course is hard but he is always there to help you. He will make you learn Algorithms. The concepts are hard but he does not mind explaining them 100s times. He has in-depth knowledge of the subject.
He is an awesome lecturer and presents the topics in a very clear manner. He doesn't hesitate to repeat himself and is highly available both in and outside classroom. However, he sets very high expectations and his exams/hwks are all very challenging and will keep you working around the clock. Take his course if you know you'll have the time.
Fun class, learned a lot.  But he is very challenging.
Very difficult.  Lectures are interesting and engaging.  Very helpful and responsive.
very difficult exams. unclear lectures
Difficult exams and homeworks. Lectures are not clear
653973	Ali	Zahid	28
I loved his class. Explains everything very clearly and is  extremely helpful if you go to his office.  Exams are a bit tough but you really learn from this class.
Subject is good but the Professor is mean! Be ready to get proper scoldings if you go to his office hours. Explains simple topics in class and expects wonders in exam. They are tricky! So solve many problems. I would suggest you to clear placement exam if this course is a pre-requisite. Its not worth taking this course under this professor. 
OMG! I'm here for four years and this is the worst class in the USC I've ever taken. He just ruins my interest in network and my grades at the same time. I have to take this class because it is a prerequisite. Tests are insane! Once you feel you understand the material, tests screw you up! Never gonna take his class again
Zahid teaches EE 450 to a few undergraduates and a bunch of graduate students, and he definitely tailors it to the grad students. His English is bad, and his exams are written in broken English (with very questionable solutions) and the grading is unfair. Expect to get a bad grade.
Avoid this class at all costs. I'm a straight A student and I had to drop it. We had a massive group of people drop it after he gave a curveball exam without a curve. You won't do well on the exams no matter how much you study.  Full of grad students. Avoid as an undergrad.
He is one of the most awesome prof. in USC. Yeah , I agree that he loose his temper shortly but the way he explains the concept of networking is very crystal clear. you don't have to read the book again after attending his lecture.If you have interest in networking don't enroll it now.
He is the worst professor I have come across. He teaches all the tough part before the exams and does not solve any sum and the exam will have max weightage on those sums. He never helps a student when you go to him. And as usual, he ruins grades. Dont take any course under him.
Tries to insult student in every manner. Do not go to his office hour. Lecture are clear but just when you think you understand all he talks about, the test screw u up.
Dont go to his office hours unless you know the answer to the question you'll ask him and just want to look smart...And he wonders why no one goes to see him. Very unpleasant to be around or look at
Ive never worked so hard in a class and not have it pay off.  He has derailed all my plans for the classes I was going to take because I needed this class. Midterm is tricky but final is extremely hard.  YOU WILL seriously regret it if you take him.  He is extremely rude and unhelpful too. You've been warned
Tries to screw up students at any cost
If you don't care about the grade, take his course, but if you need to get at least a grade as high as your effort for the course, just forget it. He is gonna torture you and you suffer a lot just for C, while with the same effort you can get at least A with a NORMAL professor.
bad
Crazy, doesn't want to help you. Seems like he gets annoyed by students. Ask the wrong question during office hours and he'll tell you straight in your face that you are stupid and shouldn't be in this class.
He is a rare professor who actually cares if his students learn the material.  His exams are difficult, but reasonable because 50% of the questions come straight from the homework or lectures.  He expects you to work fast on the exams!
The best Professor!! Teases you makes fun of you but ensures that you learn from the course!!
Excellent Professor. Clears Concepts. Very difficult papers (keeps provision for 20 marks extra credits though!!!). Have to work hard to get a good grade(he says it himself in the first lecture)!!
Cool professor! Very good teacher! Fun :)))
Great Professor! Teaches his students with great vigor! Really puts in huge efforts in making his students understand the subject!
Excellent professor. Teaches really well.
THE BEST PROFESSOR!
Tests are super hard and long period. You will learn the material, but will NOT get a good grade.
OUTSTANDING PROFESSOR.  If you are taking a class to learn the material, Zahid is the best. YOU WILL WORK HARD BUT YOU WILL LEARN!!
Amazing classes
This guy is unbelievable, he flipps out every lecture, he gets angry at you, no wonder he got a heart attack, his tests are hard You suffer for a C, don't take him,
Good lecturer - got some humor in lectures. Hard exams. Difficult to get a good grade in his class.
No Comments
His offering to students is well-crafted, from clear presentation of concepts in lecture, to close coordination with the T/A, to careful construction of exams and projects. He has high expectations of his students and grading is tough but fair. He has a gruff manner that may put off younger students.
34534	Roderick	McKenzie	28
Loved having McKenzie as a professor. He is very knowledgeable about the topics he teaches. He is a vey cool guy if you show up to class and get to know him. Feel free to ask questions because he gives interesting insight on topics that teachers don't usually share. I absolutely recommend taking this class! 
this ge6 is taught 1st by the TA and 2nd by the prof--both are v chill: TA Nick constantly cracks jokes and grades quite fairly (almost easily) and prof McK usually uses the class for his own personal & humorous rants on life. attendance is opt and McK's 'lecture's' are largely unnecessary. 1 midterm, final, & final paper (all graded by Nick)
Rod is a master of this subjectclass however he has difficulty translating that knowledge to others. Nick, his TA, does most of the leg work in educating the class. Recommend taking this class if you enjoy the subject, hearing old men ramble on, and want a fairly easy A. 
This class is a complete joke. He is funny and VERY knowledgeable, but he just doesn't know how to pass on that knowledge. I stopped going to lectures after the first two weeks and only turned up for the exams & still managed to get an A- with minimal effort. If I started the research paper earlier (I did mine in 2 days) prob I'd have gotten an A
Don't read the book. Don't go to class. One annoying paper. He gives you the answers to the midterm and exam beforehand. Easy A.
Rod is a really interesting and great guy. His TA Nicholas is fun and helpful too. Not much reading. Easy midterm and final if you cram the night before. At the end of the semester I really regret I skipped half of the lectures. I miss both of them a LOT!
This class is very fun and the professor is very nice.  There are only a few large assignments throughout the semester.  If you do all of your work and ask for advice when you need it, then you will end up with at least an A-
I know my ratings might make him look bad Rod is a great guy and totally knows everything on the subject.   The class is really easy and requires no reading or anything.  The only negative is that i find it utterly impossible to pay attention because he isnt too clear.  i recommend this class but you really wont pick up 100% of the information
Although he rambles on at times he really does have a vast knowledge of the subject matter.  If you don't want to go to lecture you don't have to but I found them interesting.  Easy midterm and final + 1 paper so I would definitely recommend this class considering I never read a single book and still got an A-
I rarely attended lecture, but go to discussion (which is often also canceled). You can do well on exams by studying the study guide. TAKE THIS CLASS, easy!!
I was requred to purchase 10+ textbooks, all of which were ridiculously boring.    Lecture was a joke because I expected for him to lecture about the reading material but he never did.  You're forced to attend lecture because every incomprehensible topic he lectures about end up in his exams.  Discussions were stupid; I'm a very shy girl. Avoid!!
If you have a choice, you should select another Social Issues. His lectures are unstructured ramblings on what comes to his mind on that particular day. There is a tremendous load of reading and discussions are not useful (although it depends on the TA too).
Horrile teacher, learned nothing in his class, he talked to much about his personal life with the students and dresses like he's hanging out at home all day. If you learn anything, it will be from the 10+ books he makes you get for each class.  Too bad I wasted my time and money when I could have actually learned something in another class. In shor
This class was a complete joke. I now look back and wonder why I ever even went to lecture. All you need to know for the exams youll get at the discussions b/c his lectures are nothing but rambling that has nothing to do with tests. I found it way too easy and never read. If you're a good B.S.er youll probably do well with minute effort.
This is the worst professor I have ever had...ever. I went to two lectures and did not learn jack****. Going to lectures is a complete waste of time...what makes it worse is that the TAs (joanna!) are idiotic. I mean they are literally mentally challenged. So....the TA's dont teach you**** and McKenzie neither. Exams seem to have alot of**** to 
Rod's class is very entertaining and he is usually able to keep you intrigued.  That being said, he often does not lecture on ANYTHING related to environmental issues.  For example, he has spent huge periods of time talking about buying things on Amazon.com or using ProQuest.  Rod is great, but a few of his TAs (cough...Joanna...cough) are horrid!
this guy is hilarious...will spend first 15 minutes raging on the dumbass jocks in the class. He appriciates people who pay attention, just listen and appriciate his sense of humor.
his class is easy and interesting, if you have any skill at bsing you can get away without reading anything, but most of the reading is really interesting anyways.
Great guy, very knowledgable, one of the easier courses at the university
Professor McKenzie is a great lecturer.  I would forget to take notes because I was so interested in everything he had to say.  We would spend the first 15 minutes of class making fun of the basketball players in our class, but would take the remaining time to impart his knowledge on his students.  Amazing professor who wasn't afraid to make fun of the lazy and stupid students in his classes.
Great guy
No Comments
Great guy, not so great teacher. It's very hard to follow his lectures. However, he's not very strict on grading. Take the class, but skip the lectures.
Prof. McKenzie is HILARIOUS.  His lectures are almost always interesting...never ever boring.  I learned a lot about Environmental Ethics from his class.  I also found the readings to be quite interesting.
Took 2 of his classes... great prof.  Take his class.
He tends to be grouchy...but funny
No Comments
If you want an A, give the professor a candy bar when you take the final.
179137	Lon	Kurashige	28
Possibly the dumbest class at USC. He either doesn't care or doesn't know. I definitely recommend him.
Lon is an awesome guy. Class is easy and he explains all of the readings in class. Chill.
All you need to do is go to class and write whatever he says for your notes. Take these notes and put it in your essay!!! His TAs grade the essays and they're pretty nice. Never read any of the books and got a good grade
A terrible class. A nice guy but not a good professor
It's a 2nd rate class, if not worse. Lon needs to learn we?re not high schoolers. In class you learn NOTHING;he just feeds us this 9th grade bs. The reading is good but there?s a lot of it. Papers are graded fairly strictly. Tests are easy IF you do the reading but there?s a lot. Do yourself a favor & take a class that?s worth your time(or easier).
Not a good professor. It is extremely difficult to get an A on his essays because he is always unclear about what he wants. Boring class, DO NOT TAKE
LOTS of reading and not enough time to do it. He is knowledgeable and engaging most of the time. The class itself is ok but essays are tedious. Seems like understanding the concepts isn't enough (i thought mine answered the prompts perfectly but still averaged B-/C+). Discussion with Estrada was pointless and repetitive.
Just don't take this class. You think it's going to be an easy class but w/ the writing assignments you learn otherwise:not stupidly hard but not easy. Don't be fooled by the really easy grading on the first assignment. Not to mention the 3rd and 4th assignments are 7-8 pages and 5-6 respectively. The class is really lame, you don't learn anything.
The professor is a very nice guy, loves what he does, deeply understands the concepts he talks about, but explains to class on SUCH a basic level. Boring class. Follow the study guide for the midterm and it's CAKE. Use his posted powerpoints. Essays are sort of easy and REALLY pointless. The only enlightening part of the class is the reading.
Not a good professor
Took this class to fulfill my Cat VI and diversity requirements at the same time. There was a lot of reading for this class, as well as little direction, which led to the midterms being brutally difficult to prepare for. Also, discussion is mandatory to attend, while lectures are not.
Super nice guy but awful professor.
Terrible teacher! Boring and opinionated, lectures endlessly, assigns a lot of reading and then just reads off of the powerpoint and somehow expects you to do well on his tests which he grades hard for no apparent reason. Not helpful at all. Do not take this professor
This teacher takes his job WAY to seriously. This class required way to much effort for a general Ed. He curves the tests, but everyone still gets D's. Avoid at all costs!
The guy thinks his class is the ONLY one students take in the semester. No joke, this man makes you read 5 to 6 books during the semester. He is extremely vague and not helpful at all. Do not take his class
I took an Asian America studies course back in the late 1990s with Prof Kurashige at USC.  My greatest memory is when he walked out of class upset when he determined most of us didn't do the assigned reading.  He's too liberal for 'SC:  he ought to move across town to UCLA.  Overall he was a decent professor.
Professor is boring, and the class is TERRIBLE. It's him basically asking you to be critical of history without making you do anything. No one cares in the class and it requires WAY TOO MUCH work for a GE.
just ok
Pros: Teacher is passionate about US History and is understanding to students: Cons: Commands very little respect in classroom, attendance is abysmally low in lectures (50/185 students MAX on average), lecture usage lacks efficacy, no ability to stimulate student interest in material, his textbook is bland, avoid this class if you want to learn.
Don't take this class! You think you're going to learn about American history, but he only talks about criticisms of it. 4 essays, a midterm/final. Participation is worth the most of your grade- 20%. For the midterm, he said not to memorize dates, but the midterm had dates and was very tricky! Lecture is boring. No one goes. Take Seip instead.
TA's grade essays.  Lecture is boring, low attendance.  A lot of reading but midterm is hard, all dates and facts that you dont think you need.
Too much work for a GE. SOOOO much reading. Avoid this class if you can.
mediocre. he's not amazing. but he's not terrible. write a few essays. 2 midterms. personally, i enjoyed the beginning of the class (the american experience) but not so much towards the end
made us write too many essays for a GE. the class is not really about history. it criticizes it. the work load is too heavy. wouldn't take it again.
Lots of reading that you have to do in order to do the four essays. He tries to make lecture interesting by bring in music/movies from the material being studied. Midterms aren't that bad. Your grade basically depends on your TA
ok class, but great prof. he is so nice and helpful and an easy grader! and the workload is not bad at all.
No Comments
American Experience...makes the class fun and interesting...great class to take to fulfill category 1
1278040	Brad	Damare	28
Really nice and engaging professor. The class had a lot of reading, but most of it was pretty interesting. I also had a chill TA so that made things easier. If you have some interest in Russian culture and history and don't mind reading quite a bit, It's a great GE course and I would definitely recommend it.
Brad is a great teacher, but DO NOT take this class unless you are interested in Russian culture. There are extremely long weekly readings that are mandatory and the final 10+ page paper is an ordeal. I learned a lot from Brad (he is very passionate and knowledgeable) but I found myself despising the overwhelming amount of reading for a GE.
Professor is extremely passionate about the material he teachers, which makes the class a lot more interesting. He is a hard grader, but not unfairly so. There are a lot of readings and blog posts, but they are not too hard and give you a nice cushion for your grade. Overall a great class, especially if you enjoy science fiction.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Too much work for a G.E with oddly specific exams and a super vague 10-page paper at the end of the term. Weekly reading assignments EVERY week (even weeks with midterms/finals/papers). Absolutely frustrating class--any enlightenment I would have gained is trampled by the overwhelming workload.
LOTS OF READINGS. A blog post every week, 3 papers, no finals. He's a great guy, but also tough on grading the papers. Very picky sometimes, but truly interested in the subject. Laptop always breaks, so you don't get your marks back very fast...I didn't know how I was doing in the class because of that.
Do not take this class. Too much reading!!! He is a nice guy though.
Great professor, really passionate about what he's teaching.  Encourages student involvement and discussion.  You have to do the readings, but it's not too bad, and a lot of them are actually kinda interesting.  Good lecturer, easy to take notes.  Overall, a solid professor!
I took this class and his ARLT100 (Slavic SciFi) class; professor is incredible and highly engaged in the subject matter. In order to pass, you definitely need to read the material and show up to at least some classes for the outside knowledge he brings in. He also does not post his ppts.
Disorganized and fragmented semester syllabus. Interesting, but frustrating class.
I would think twice before taking his GE class. If you're remotely interested, you might find some value. Otherwise, this class can be a total bore. Exams are not that hard, as long as you keep with the reading and participate in discussions.
I took his Arts and Letters Sci Fi class and LOVED it.
It might take awhile for the history and material to soak in but once the semester kicks off, it gets much better. Good books, prof is just brilliant and so knowledgeable. Just manage your time to read everything because it's very important for exams. Also, just go to class. He pretty much gives you everything you need on the exam.
I took him for Czech lit and culture for GE category and he was FANTASTIC! I really want to visit Czech Republic now. Content-wise, he's not that difficult. There is a lot of reading involved but most the reading is pretty interesting and not difficult. The discussions are awesome.
Very knowledgable and engaging professor. Truly has a passion for the subject matter (Czech culture). The reading workload is very high and the weekly hw is very easy. Managable class. Is very worth while. Highly recommend.
Damaré is the man. He is a really nice guy who genuinely cares about his students learning the material. You will learn alot about philosophy and music in this class. It takes work, but really worth it. Not hard.
The amount of reading in this class is understandble if you are taking this class for your major/minor, however, it's also a GE and when I took it most ppl in the class were taking it for GE, it's just TOO much for a GE. If you would enjoy reading 200+ of Russian Lit. every week then do it, if not, definitely find another class.
Usually 200+ pages of reading a week.  Only take the class if you love reading and learning about literature.  A lot of work for a GE.  This isnt a easy class due to the time commitment.
Prof Damare is very enthusiastic and entertaining. However, I found his lectures to be boring and I ended up skipping his class at times. I must stress this class has A LOT of reading. Almost too much. Midterm/final consists of identifying passages from all the readings, so you must know them REALLY well. Final essay at the end was ok.
Heavy reading load, decent lectures, very interesting guy (who isn't bad on the eyes either). Overall, a good class with a mix of interesting/dry topics. An A is certainly achievable in this class and I would definitely take him again. In regards to TA's, I'd recommend Adele Di Ruocco.
Professor Damare is a phenomenal professor. I would strongly recommend his Czech Lit class for a category 5 GE. It requires quite a bit of reading but it is absolutely worth it. He is full of energy and very passionate about the material and his energy is contagious. He is also very understanding and helpful. I highly recommend him.
Professor Damare's passion for Russian culture is infectious, and makes lectures fun.  He always tries to spice up the lectures with references to things that students might try to understand (something he can do because he is fairly young).  His class requires a lot of reading, but it is always reviewed in discussions.  Definitely take this class!
Damare is a sweet guy and he loves what he does. however, there is a lot of reading and you must read the material in order to pass but he goes over it in lecture which is really helpful and listens to you if there is a problem. his grading is fair and he understands that most of the classes isnt interested in russian lit.. so tries to make it fun!
I would recommend taking this class for your Cat II GE. A TON of reading, but it is actually pretty interesting. He is really passionate about the subject, as well as young and relatable. The only problem is that he's not very organized. Don't expect much (if any) feedback on assignments.
Great professor! Wasn't too excited about subject before class-needed to take for GE. But he is so enthusiastic and makes the class very interesting! Generous grader-just be sure to keep up with reading and weekly assignments and you'll do great. Only complaint-a little disorganized, but really not a huge problem at all
Brad is a FABULOUS professor. I didn't have much interest in russian lit or music before the class, but it is impossible not to be sucked in by his energy and enthusiasm for the subject. He lectures with incredible clarity and understanding, and I was stoked to go to class every day. The papers and essays req. reading but weren't very hard at all!
Damare is really enthusiastic about the subject matter and really cares about the class.  However, his class is impossible for organized students.  His classes are always all over the place and he is disheveled.  He assigned two research papers (7 pg and 10 pg) a week before the due date and never returned them to us.  This class was  a nightmare!
I took Russian Literature and Music w/ him and he was amazing.He teaches with such enthusiam that even people who are not interested in these topic will get sucked into his lectures. He also grades pretty generously.
Professor Damare is a fantastic professor. He is young and bursting with both knowledge and enthusiasm.The class itself is not overwhelmingly difficult, but you will get a lot out of it. The essays require a lot of thought, but his criticism is spot-on. I would definitely recommend his class even if you don't like classical music or russian lit.
34385	Franklin	Manis	28
I liked his class. I think the whole Virtual Child assignment is a cool and unique way to learn about developmental psych. It's obvious that he is passionate about the subject. He provides you with study guides that you need to fill out yourself which take a really long time to finish. but in the end they prepare you well for his exams. 
Great class material. This guy is one of the leaders in the developmental field and his virtual child program is used across the country. The course takes a little more time commitment, but you learn a lot.
He's a very nice man, however his teaching is poor.  He uses his own textbook (one that is still being revised) and will contradict himself in class.  Tests are challenging, however classwork is easy.
One of the best professors I've had at USC. Extremely helpful, really open to questions. Definitely knows his stuff. I recommend his class to anyone, even if you're not a psych major!
Prof. Mannis is one of my favorite professors that I've had at usc. He genuinely cares about teaching and is really nice and approachable. The course goals are clearly stated and the study guides that he gives out contain everything you need to know for the exam. There is a lot of reading for the class though...
If you do the readings and study guides (which honestly aren't that bad) and go to class, tests are incredibly easy. There are 4 fairly short My Virtual Child reports as well. The vast majority of students got As and Bs and he is clearly passionate about the subject and teaches it well.  Highly recommend him (he also gave us his textbook for free)
I'll concede that he's a nice man, but that's a small percentage of what it takes to be a good professor. He's another research academic that has lost perspective on the fact that he's teaching a basic developmental psych class. It was overkill. His book made it harder than it was in the past. Class grade averages were BAD, but he would not curve.
The study guides are very long and the tests are fairly difficult.
Too much work for what it is. It gets extremely annoying after a while. Study guides were WAY too long, so was the reading (he wrote the book) and just too much detail for an undergrad developmental psych class. Exams were not easy, 20 short answer, 60 MC, really hard MC's. Take it w/ another professor unless you are deeply interested in the topic.
He's one of the sweetest people I have ever met, and he's lectures aren't boring. The material is also mostly valuable in life, which is nice. However, he goes into much more detail than any of the other 336 professors. His study guides are really overwhelming, extremely long & the expectation is that you will begin studying weeks ahead of time.
Like any class you have to read the book, take notes in class, but the material is clear. He give out study guides for midterms and final. He wants all students to get good grades, he's very caring. I recommend any student of any major to take him.
Professor Manis is awesome, and really cares about his students.
Really passionate professor and always available to help. Makes the class interesting and fun. Also, not too much work. Mostly readings, midterms and two or three homework assignments.
GREAT Professor. Very communicative and kind; funny guy. Genuinely enjoys the subject. Very interactive class: 5 exams, 6 reports, and a &quot;virtual child&quot; to raise. Lecture & textbook combo give a good grade and he makes it easy with extra credit etc. Wonderful class, even better professor!
Great teacher and a great class. He's an expert on childhood education and it shows - he really organizes the course to help you learn. I think he's a fair grader. You are allowed to miss about 4-6 classes with no affect in grade, but gives you opportunities to make up points if you miss more.
Manis really cares about his students and enjoys what he is doing. The class is interesting and the study guides were extrememly helpful for tests. The tests were kind of hard though. Would recommend this class and I enjoyed it as a freshman.
Manis is a great professor. He's very knowledgeable, approachable, and makes class fun and interesting. I would highly recommend him and I'm looking forward to taking another class with him next semester!
good teacher, but the exams are killer.
take developmental with dr. manis! he is a great teacher and a great guy to go to if you need course/career advice, as well.
You cannot go wrong taking this teacher. He has interesting and interactive lectures. He uses videos often and one time he showed himself trying to dance a hip hop dance when he was discussing body-kinesthetics and how some people lack the skill! He is definitely approachable. Also he gives GREAT study guides.
Great professor - would recommend him to anyone.  Nice, knowledgeable, helpful, organized and fair.
Passive aggressive with an axe to grind. I received an A. HOWEVER, his exams are chock full of &quot;choose the best answer among 4 GOOD answers)... if english is not your first language, or if you are a normal person who likes to study and be tested fairly, avoid this waste of time. (which is hard to do being that he's the only one who teaches it).
Awesome professor!
Amicable, caring, a great guy to know. Class was a seminar and worked well. Presented subject well, a great mix of textbook and articles. A quiet and unintimidating, approachable person.
No Comments
cool guy. he's not themost entertaining man in the world, but will take punches and go with jokes lead by the students.  easy grader if you process the info and just think a little.
His lectures are long and boring. You have to read and study long hours if you wish to pass.
No Comments
1218670	Robert 'Bob'	Baker	27
Excellent course!  Best professor!  Lectures were really up to date and information given was more accurate than the book.  Baker really cares about the students.  An important course.
Baker's course is very good.  He's the best prof at USC!  He's fun, nice, easy to talk to and has vast knowledge.  This course is the best I've ever taken.
This is the most useful course I have taken at USC.  Baker is superb and knows everything in great detail.  Hones in on important points.  Very clear lectures.  Baker really knows how to teach complex science.  Don't miss taking this course!  He's good!
Great course!
This is the best course I've ever taken!  Baker is amazing.  He knows everything, including the latest research in many complex topics.  I'm a senior and he has changed my life.
So adorable! Chalkboard lectures that aren't the easiest to follow but recording the lectures helps. Such a great professor, really interested in what he's teaching and the exam is beyond straight forward. Definitely a great class!
This is an important course.  Baker is very good and really knows his stuff.  He is the best professor I've had.  Friendly too.
Easily the best professor I've had.  Baker is SO bright and knows so much!  Very up to date in the world of research.  The best at USC!
He loves what he is doing, but he frequently gives out the wrong information. His voice can barely be heard sometimes, even sitting in the first few rows.
Easily one of the best professors I've had. He uses the board and no power point. Some people don't like that, but I think his teaching was very effective. If you follow his lectures, you'll be fine. It's easy to get lost though, so pay attention. Final exam (which he wrote) was easier than expected (all free response). He's also very nice!
A great and important course.  Baker is an excellent professor who really cares.  Very organized and ultra clear lectures.  Highly recommend this course for anyone who wants to learn modern molecular biology.  It can't get much better!
He's a really nice guy. Great teacher. Very clear. Sit in front and take good notes. Everything you need to know is in the notes and diagrams. Examination questions were a lot easier than I anticipated.
His lectures may seem jumbled at first, but if you reference your notes and go to all of the lectures (like you are supposed to) the class makes sense. His exam is very straight forward if you go to class and review his on-line notes. If you ask him any questions after class he will spend as much time as necessary with you until you undertand.
An amazing course!  I was told by two faculty that the valedictorian (in a USC commencement speech) said this was the best course she had taken. So, I took the course.  She was right!  I learned so much myself.  Baker is an intellectual who is also a terrific teacher.  It was fun to come to class.  The course is about new, important research.
Excellent Professor.  The best!  Very smart and a great guy!  Super clear and I liked his teaching style and ease of communication.  Seems to a lot about almost anything.
Very bright professor.  Easily the best professor at this university!  Incredible knowledge.  Not to be missed.  Nice too.
Baker is not an engaging professor, but it's very important to be in class for the lectures. Material may not make much sense until the end of the course when studying for the exam, but it really helps to juxtapose the pictures from class with his provided text notes. Study with a friend, and use mnemonics!
1.Recording his lecture helps in case you need to listen to it again.  He tended to jam too much information.2. Understand his lecture can be difficult and requires a lot of time. Seek help you if you have difficulty 3.His exam required understanding with only some details.
Chalkboard-based lecture style. Try to video record it and/or sit in the front. Very sweet, helpful, and knowledgeable if conversed with. Lecture notes are given but are best used with in-class notes. Fill in blanks in logic with textbook. Old exams are helpful. Sometimes will read some poetry. Go to SI. Make a general topic list, know details.
He really drills the points that are going to be on the midterm. SO if you just go and listen you'll get a good grade
Baker is a pretty good prof - the class, however, is TERRIBLE. It is both difficult and boring. Many do not even go to lecture. Three different profs for a course creates confusion and disparity. NONE of them used the &quot;mandatory&quot; textbook. In sum, I do NOT recommend BISC 150.
He is so nice, but this class is terrible. TERRIBLE! It's a GE, but there is way too much complicated info packed into unfairly graded midterms. Plus, Baker uses the chalkboard instead of a ppt, and he rambles about unnecessarily complicated things, so the material is SUPER difficult to understand. DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS. Or take it P/NP.
I feel bad for writing this because I'm sure Dr. Baker is one of the sweetest professors on campus, but he is a horrible lecturer. He doesn't use PPTs in class, which makes material appear jumbled and hard to understand. He also tends to go on long rambling tangents during lecture. I'll be teaching myself from the book this semester :/
An outline of his lectures are posted online, but it does not make much sense unless you read the book before hand. He does use the chalkboard, but it is hard to see and he tends to ramble and is not very coherent. Sweet man, terrible teacher.
Ok Baker is an old man, cut him some slack. He is soooo helpful. He may seem to ramble in lecture and incomprehensible but he posts his notes online. Just study those and you'll have an A oh the final. He also hates powerpoints and does chalkboard lectures which i really liked. Be sure to keep up on materials though. Solid professor.
Professor Baker is a solid professor, but I would definitely NOT recommend the course. He makes complicated concepts seem fairly simple in lecture, but his lecture is kind of one big rant with little structure besides a minor outline. I might recommend him if he taught another course, but definitely don't take BISC150.
Great teacher.  He has so much experience in what he's teaching, very knowledgeable.
900975	Mohammad	Safarzadeh	27
Go to class, take notes, clear things up in office hours and you will get at least an A-. Do problems sets he gives you as he bases the tests on these (very similar problems). 
He is super helpful. Just make sure to attend his lectures. 
I was terrified to take stats but it ended up being my favorite class. Safarzadeh is really helpful and hilarious. Lots of practice problems in class and almost weekly homework assignments. Four non-cumulative exams and one group "project." Attend class and do the homeworks and you can get an A
My favorite Econ class thus far, and it's ECONOMETRICS....that says something about the professor. He goes above and beyond to make sure everyone understands and as long as you attend class you'll be good to go for the exams. Very enjoyable class for a subject that could be dreadful with other professors. TAKE HIM if you get the chance.
My favorite prof at SC! He explains the concepts extremely well. The tests are EXACTLY what he taught us in class. Listen to lectures and you'll be fine. But you can read the text to understand it better. He's very nice, very funny and EXTREMELY helpful during office hours. At least 5-6 kids are at his office at all times and he helps everyone.
He is such a relaxed stats professor. He punctuates classes with funny anecdotes and is so approachable all throughout the course. He's the best stats professor offered by USC because he prefers practical applications and his tests are manageable.
Good luck with the 10 page midterms and final. Yikes
He is GREAT. He explains concepts well, provides a lot of in class practice so you're not surprised on the tests, and his midterms are not cumulative. He barely touches the textbook, so take notes diligently. He is one of the most helpful professors in the Econ dpt. His classes are the perfect balance of getting good grades and actually learning!<3
Prof Safarzadeh is not easy but he is a GREAT professor! He truly knows economics well and I learned a lot from his course. I wish I could take more courses with him.
Absolutely LOVE him! Such a great professor. He really wants you to do well in his class and he will work with you until you understand the material! Going to office hours help a lot! Also he never uses the textbook. I actually returned mine and still did well! Attend lecture and take good notes!
such a nice guy, never uses the textbook but uses his powerpoints every day and they really help for the test.  you have to know ALOT for the tests but he's helpful and truly wants you to do well
Rarely uses the textbook, and he teaches it differently from the book so it can be a bit confusing for people that are more comfortable that rely on the book. Very accessible with office hours and his way of teaching is a dummied down version of stats. Overall it's not as hard as Rashidian and the class was enjoyable.
ridiculous class. nobody ever knows whats going on. thought i did well on the last two tests and ended up getting a B and a D. he is the only professor for this class unfortunately. the only people who do well in this course are people who have taken some statistics before.
Great professor, take him!
Safarzadeh has a dry humor and slight accent that prevents everyone from recognizing his personality, but this is a passionate and hilarious professor. Really wants you to have a good understanding of the material. Take good notes and study the homework before tests and you'll be fine. Barely used the textbook.
This is the second course I took w/ Safarzadeh, and his teaching style requires diligent notes and that's it. He's very passionate about making sure you understand stats, and don't just memorize formulas. All his classes do group ppt presentations which are not hard w/o procrastination. Also he's hilarious in an endearing grandpa way!
He might sound monotone but he jokes around with his students. I didn't do well in the beginning because I sat at the back and i just dozed off when he was lecturing. but he was really helpful during office hours. do well on the homework and you'll be fine for the midterms. study his powerpoints..he doesn't use the book at all.
The lectures are pretty boring and he is easy to tune out. The grades are extremely skewed. I put in a lot of effort studying and still don't do well on the exams. All tests are scantron and come &quot;from lecture&quot; though the questions are 5 times more confusing than anything we've learned in class. I would not recommend this class.
hes a good professor but sometimes he can go a little cray cray, only because hes old and a little forgetful. if you do all the homework you have nothing to worry about because his tests are usually exact replicas of the hw. i got an A- in the class despite the fact that i did pretty badly on 1 midterm so i would definitely recommend it.
Professor Safarzadeh is the best professor I've ever had in USC. He is extremely humourous. He does not really use the book so you don't have to buy it. However, I would suggest you to attend all/most of his classes or you will fall behind. His tests are rather straight forward and definitely go to his office hours.
Easy A for this class. Just go to lecture and you basically don't need to read textbooks at all. He is very nice that if you explain reasons to him, you can take exams, quiz, or do presentations at any other time.
He gives insane tests. He gives questions based on graphs which he doesn't exlpain correctly. You cannot look at your midterm in case you think you got graded wrong. Jokes are not very funny and he is old. It seems he already taught the same material 1000 times.
Nice professor but gives extremely difficult exams. I don't know why he makes the exams insanely long (you'll need full two hours cuz there are at least 60 MC plus bunch of graphs) and impossible. The material is not that bad but he makes it ten times harder. Nice guy but definitely not an easy A class.
I love Safarzadeh. I did really bad on the first exam because I didn't show up to lecture and didn't do the homeworks, but I talked to him after that lecture and he said as long as I show up to class and improve, he would forget about my first test. Overall he is a very understanding professor and he wants to help his students. Good joker too.
Overall, great professor for ECON-317. Whatever notes he writes on the board are usually good enough for the tests. I never used the textbook unless he assigned HW problems from it. He's really helpful, and visiting his office hours can help. Other than that, go to every class, take good notes, and you should be fine.
Great teacher.  He tells random jokes and stores which makes the class enjoyable.  He gives you a lot of examples and knows how to really teach.  Lectures are not mandatory but since it's a statistics class, you should go.  He does have a slight accent but it's not hard to understand.  I highly recommend him as a professor.
Exams are incredibly difficult.  But he teaches well.
538573	Edwin	McCann	27
I was excited to learn about Political Philosophy until I walked into this class. The reading is dense, as to be expected, but then the lectures do not explain what is going on. They just give some historical background tangentially related to the texts. AKA class is a waste of time but you're sucked into going because he always takes attendance. 
This guy is great! And cute as a button! I loved his lectures. There's a lot of reading for this class, but much of it can be done w Sparknotes. What you really need the books for are the papers. We didn't have any tests, only 3 papers and 2 final papers (all completed at home). You don't need any PHIL background to do well. I def recommend!
Professor McCann seems to know everything there is to know about philosophy. He is also a genuinely kind and gentle person. I had close to no interest in the subject matter beforehand, but his lectures were still bearable because he's funny and relatable, and I left the class feeling like I had really mastered the material. Very rewarding class.
McCann is the quintessential philosophy professor. His resemblance to Michael McDonald is a plus.
Honestly one of the best professors at SC. Mr. McCann knows EVERYTHING, and he is extremely nice and helpful. He cares about students, and he explains all the lecture materials really well. Definitely recommend to take his class if have a chance.
honestly the best professor I have ever had, clearly cares very much about the learning of his students and is constantly adapting to peoples requests.
McCann is honestly the nicest instructor I had all last semester. He really tries hard to answer questions clearly, and he knows everything about philosophy. EVERYTHING. The downsides are that the class is mostly lecture-based, and the subject material is difficult. My class had no final, but the papers towards the end were quite difficult to write
Really, really nice person, but extremely boring class.  4 papers and a final.  So much outside reading, and some of it is really dense.  If you get a good TA it's pretty easy, but lectures are really boring.
Professor McCann is one of the nicest people at SC. He loves what he does; unfortunately, he doesn't do a great job of translating that love to his students. I struggled to pay attention in lecture & was quickly overwhelmed by the large assigned readings. Lectures helpful on final, but weren't for my 4 papers = incentive to skip. No midterm.
Prof McCann might be one of the friendliest professors I've met at USC. Despite being in his class I'd never talked to him before, so I was pleasantly surprised when he recognized me and waved at me when I was walking down Trousdale one day. The material is difficult and his ways of explaining may be too philosophy oriented to reach the average joe
Fantastic professor!
incredibly smart professor but class is the most boring class ever
he obviously knows an incredible amount, but this class is just so boring. lectures are long rants that are completely disorganized and the grading is done by TAs who cant quite decide what they want. i dont suggest this class
McCann is extremely nice and is genuinely interested in what he teaches. While his lectures are slightly disorganized, the subject matter and books are quite interesting if you enjoy philosophy and true literature.For a GE its great.Papers are easy and you dont haveto read the books because he goes over the plot in class (which is good and bad)
This is the most boring class you will ever encounter.
The class is entirely boring. You won't know what to study, Every statement he makes is not clear. Too many facts our thrown at us and we have no idea what is relevant or important
He is amazing.  He's so smart and he knows what he's talking about.  The class overall wasn't great, but that was due to my peers, not him.  I wish I could take a real philosophy class from him.  He was awesome.
He is one of the smartest persons I have ever met. Super sweet and helpful too! but the class was slightly boring.
Helpful professor, cares about students, and really loves the subject matter. He assigns a LOT of reading, but most of it is interesting. Three papers and a final; he gives a helpful study guide. He tends to drift off topic in lecture and is sometimes hard to pay attention to, but he know his stuff and will help you if you need it.
The reading load is outrageous. You read a LOT for the class but his lectures are super interesting. He is incredibly knowledgeable. He knows what he is talking about, his lectures make the reading worth it.
awesome! its hard to pay attention to the lectures on the readings that dont interest you. But the readings that do interest you, professor McCann gives great lectures, introduces new ideas and is very insightful.
Incredibly boring. Lectures aren't interesting or relevant. I loved the discussion but the lecture was basically pointless.
Fantastic! Brilliant, and a teddy bear. I loved every minute.
Brilliant.
Professor McCann is one of the smartest individuals you will ever encounter. He takes a serious interest in his students and his students adore him. I know I do!
This professor is the best professor I've ever had.  He is absolutely a genius and adored by all serious students.  He runs a tight ship but if you do the reading and attend his lectures you will learn a great deal about whatever he is teaching.  Kudos...
No Comments
656915	Richard	Dekmejian	27
Very passionate about his course. lectures get a little difficult because there are no slides. Have to pay attention in order to note down what he is saying. 1 midterm worth 25% of grade, 1 paper worth 30%, and one final worth 40%. The remainder is attendance. Class subject has a lot of material to take in.
Do not take this class, worst class i have taken at usc. HE can not lecture, his accent is thick, and the exams are hard. DO NOT TAKE IT , TRUST!
This was my least favorite class at USC, hands down. As much I like Dekmejian, he is not a good lecturer. It's obvious he is an expert in his field, but I often left class not knowing what his point was. I tried to get by by reading my book but...wow. It's a lot of material to digest without direction.
Dr. Dekmejian is an idiot - will never another one of his classes
Unorganized, rambles, does not provide any time for input, questions, or discussion.
Horrible teacher
His lectures are hard to understand and not very well organized. He talks a lot so it's hard to tell what is important and how to organize your notes. Not too difficult of a class though and you can still get by not doing the readings. He also gets some prettying interesting guest speakers.
When all else fails, just answer "charisma" and argue that the leader was a "charismatic leader". First half of the semester is more theoretical and will be instrumental in the second half of the class. Professor basically lectures by history, interjecting with connections to leadership theories. Overall easy if you attend class and take notes.
he knows a lot about the subject matter, but is not good at portraying it. the lectures aren't well organized and the TA does all the work - making tests, grading them, and taking care of the emails. though he does try hard, i dont recommend this teacher
he knows a lot about the subject matter, but is not good at portraying it. the lectures aren't well organized and the TA does all the work - making tests, grading them, and taking care of the emails. though he does try hard, i do not recommend this teacher
Not a bad class if you read and take thorough notes. TAs grade everything. The paper is a long and a large portion of your grade. Not that hard of a class, but wasn't extremely easy either. Awesome guy though.
Professor Dekmejian is one of the best I've ever had. He's knowledgeable in his field and he's very humble about it, which is a likable quality in a professor. It's hard to get to know him outside of class, but if you get the chance, he will change the way you see the world. I attribute much of my successes and research interests to him.
honeslty, he's one of the best professors at USC! his tests are easy and the class itself is quite interesting.
Great Professor
Great Prof.  and his TA's do most of the grading. Highly rec!
BEST EVER, one easy midterm, easy final, and an 8 page paper.  go to class because tests are based mostly on his lectures.
Went off on tangents in lecture. Smart man but needs more structured lecture style.
Best Teacher Ever! thats all there is to say. He makes it fun and interesting to go to class. Go to class, take good notes, and you'll get a good grade in the class.
He is the best teacher ever! Funny, incredibly smart and his class isn't that hard but you lean a lot. Everyone should take atleast one of his classes.
I graduated in 2003 and he was one of the best professors I had at USC.  I still use the knowledge I learned in his class.
No Comments
Very interesting class, especially today.
No Comments
Great prof.  Very smart and interesting.  Take terrorism and genocide.
Best professor I've ever had. always trying to help. and hilarious
One of the best professors I ever had at USC (and I am now a professor myself).
This guy is really funny. It helps make the three hour class go a little faster.
1203462	Miranda	Barone	27
Great professor! If you go to class but more importantly read, you'll do well on the midterms no problem. There's one paper, which isn't difficult (as long as you meet the requirements you get an A). The reading isn't too much, plus it's interesting so it's really not so bad. 
EXTREMELY EASY class. Only one big paper. Several midterms and finals which were all every easy. Extra credits were available.
If you read the book and attend class the semester will be pretty easy.  Tests are all multiple choice, so cramming does help.  The final paper for the class isn't graded that hard and the class itself is amazing.  Definitely recommend.
I took minimal notes in lecture and read the textbook and got A's on every test but the final. I didn't get clarity on the paper and got a C so that blew my A. But overall, easy easy class, just boring lecture.
She's a sweet lady who means well but is awful at lecturing. She attempts to keep things lighthearted but lectures are unfortunately boring and awkward. Class attendance is basically unnecessary since it is very difficult to pay attention. Average easiness due to a website where you can test yourself on class material.
This class way alright. It was basically common sense with fancy labels and hypotheses attached. Dr. Barone is also very nice and animated... the class just wasn't too terribly interesting.
Social Psych is a very interesting subject. That being said, Barone makes her slides from the textbook, so either go to lecture or read the textbook. She even uses exact examples from the textbook. Note though: she tries to keep lecture interesting, but she personally put me to sleep. Honestly a little effort and it's an easy class
Didnt have to buy textbook in this class, ace the class!!
She is a pretty good lecturer and tries to keep the class engaged. If you take good notes on the textbook, you'll do great on the exams.
She is not easy at all, her tests are not even related to her study guide.She is unclear on what she wants you to know. Her lectures are more story like.  I hope she knows we cnt memorize the whole BOOK!!.  Its like she dont want you to do well. She bashes UCLA a lot. This is a horrible class. students only care about what they need to no for test
Really nice lady, keeps her lectures somewhat interesting, tests aren't that bad, currently enjoying this class learning interesting and practical things to apply to my social life which is kind of cool.
Dr. Barone is an overly proud Trojan. She takes any opportunity to use USC in examples, which (along with her high-pitch voice infections) become really annoying. Her PowerPoints have been overhauled with useless photos instead of important words, so either taking notes or reading the text is a must. He exams are tricky multiple choice questions.
Dr. Barone's lecture comes straight off the text on her power point. Exam questions come from the same power point presentations. Once you realize that fact, there is very little reason to sit through her class.
She's very easy, her lectures and power points are the majority of the exam. If you attend class you will pass the class. She's really nice and will not hesitate to stop lecture to make you to answer all questions, makes for great class discussions about relationships.
Interesting class. She lectures. You listen. You fill in bubbles. She's animated at least, but you won't be having any epiphanies in this class. You can use an old textbook, and I'd recommend it. Buy one esp if you don't plan to go to lecture.
Super easy class; very intuitive material. Lectures are very redundant, so can be skipped easily. She is very enthusiastic.
Professor Barone is nice and high in Trojan spirit. You don't ever have to attend her class, unless you need to turn in your paper (which is easy). Her tests can be a little difficult, but you HAVE to read. If you don't read, don't expect to do well. She also offers a good amount of extra credit which you need to do if you want a decent grade.
You have to read for the exams.  She's really cool and definitely Trojan spirit! :)
very cool professor! enthusiastic about the material. always had a smile on her face. tests were fairly easy if you use the online book resources!! easy A. lectures are online and attendance isn't mandatory. do extra credit assignments!
Her two unit is the bomb! To be honest the history of Psyc portion was a little boring, but you get to research grad schools for a grade! Though I think it went to CR/NC. She helps you figure out what you want to do with your life! I wish more people could take a class like this.
She is a great Professor and very helpful I loved to go to her lectures. :) I could ask her questions about the material and she'll clarify everything right away.
I was really excited to take this class, but found that lectures were pretty boring, considering she basically reads the slides to you.  I went to class MAYBE 3 times and got an A.  You just have to read the book.  The paper was relatively easy as were the tests.  If you can memorize things, you're golden.  She seemed very nice and approachable.
Very chill class with applicable information. Prof B is VERY cool & excited about the material. A good mix of lecture notes & reading the texts will ensure a good grade. Term paper is not as exhaustive as it seems- get it over with in the beginning of the semester!
Super professor! Extremely enthusiastic and nice. I learned a lot and enjoyed the class a bunch. Definitely take this course because it teaches you about everyday interactions.
she is an awesome professor but a bit monotonous. the readings arent too necessary since she makes powerpoints that cover all the material from the textbook. she tries to make class lively but doesnt succeed lots of the time. theres one paper in the class and you can easily write it using her powerpoints. make sure youre really interested in psych.
She was a great teacher, very fair and straightforward and funny. She's a diehard trojan fan. Tests are easy if you read the book and take notes. I learned a lot about social psychology as well. Would take a class with her again
I love this professor! She is a great lecturer and cares a lot about her students. I reccomend her for Psych majors and non-majors also!
463561	Eric	Trules	27
THIS IS NOT AN IMPROV CLASS in the way you are expecting. You don't use any dialogue until about 8 weeks in. Trules is obnoxious and yells at you in order to make you feel like he's "pushing" you, and the focus is on movement/body and about "self-discovery", not about acting or getting comfortable onstage, which is why I took the course.
Trules is more of a coach providing challenges than a teacher providing lessons. He's so beloved because he's not afraid to fry your insecurities underneath his laser sharp instruction. Trules will bring out the best in you, if you let him. FLAW: he has a habit of saying "don't think" - which only causes you to think more. Don't get frustrated.
Difficult? Absolutely. Best and most important class you'll take in college? Absolutely. If you aren't up for a challenge (both emotional and physical) then don't take it.... BUT you'll grow tremendously as a person and as an artist.
Challenging because he doesn't coddle you and has no patience for anyone not willing to fully commit to the course. However, the class is a life changer - you will learn a lot about yourself and grow as a person. One of the best professors I've ever had.
Trules was my favorite professor at USC.  He set the bar high from day 1 and expects nothing short of the best for us.  Remember to let go of everything you fear, and he will open doors for you.  Take this course with an open mind; you will not regret it!
Trules is awesome. He sincerely wants his students to become the best people they can possibly be. He is inspiring and one of the most fascinating people I have ever met. I suggest you take any class he is offering.
Trules can be unpleasant at times, but he is a great teacher. His insight is consistently helpful. His standards are high, but put in the work, and you will be able to achieve them. Don't take anything he does personally, and you will get a lot out of this or any acting class he teaches.
Alright, I got some news for you. Yes, he's tough.  But ANY class you take with him is totally worth it. He's challenging BECAUSE he wants you to be more brave/outgoing/comfortable in yourself.  The man is a serious artist, and though his methods are unorthodox, his results are unparalleled.  He yelled at me for weeks and I don't regret a minute.
To get on Trules' good side, you must be able to leave your shyness at the door.  he really pushes people out of their shells, and to make them comfortable around silly, ugly faces and situations.  You will grow so much from this class.  He is incredible
The class is a low demand class academically, you only have to write weekly journals, which you SHOULD do! Trules is a great teacher, he expects your best effort every time and you will learn something about yourself.
Trules demands the best from you at all times, and doesn't tolerate slacking off. He really values promptness. That said, this class was the best I've ever taken, and has helped me to gain the confidence and skills I never knew I possessed. If you have an extra two units to fill, TAKE THIS CLASS.
You must take this class at USC. You will learn more than simple improvisation. Trules challenges you to step outside your comfort zone. In doing so, you befriend a great group of classmates that you otherwise would never have met. Just be on time every week- he is hardcore on attendance.
Show up every day, write your journals, and don't let Trules get to you and you will love it. He is hard and can be mean but will open you up like you never thought possible.  I highly recommend this class!
I came into this class not being able to look people in the eye. I left on the last day knowing I don't have to be a wallflower for the rest of my life. Class is difficult, and Trules requires full participation. But with that, you get a connection to your classmates that's so rare in college. It's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Take it.
Great prof. Sets the bar high. Tough love. Taught me about myself. One of the great teachers at USCQ
The class sounded really interesting initially, but quickly got WAY tiresome. Oh, and he loves himself, there's no way you can ignore that big.
pretty hard-core about punctuality and attendance but overall very fun class.
He's amazing. One of the director's I know. He's demanding, but fair. No busywork. I took both his Solo Performance class and his Adv. Solo Perf. I highly recommend him.
If you want a professor to just pat you on the back and tell you how talented and wonderful you are, stay away from Trules.  If you want someone who won't tolerate bulls**t and forces you to stretch your abilities to their furthest limits, a Trules class is indispensible.  Possibly the only truly important class I ever took.
Trules is awful.  He's a huge self-promoter and thinks very highly of himself.  He assigns way too much work for just a 2-credit, pass/fail class.  His standards seem to change with each class.  His class was my least favorite of the semester.
He is MEAN.  Inconsistent in his standards, plays favorites, and will tear you down for being TOO NICE.  That's right.  Last I checked, Mr. Trules, people generally respond WELL to nice people... except you.  Don't take this class unless you have an EXTREMELY thick shell. If you can take constant denigration with a smile on your face, then this class just might be for you.
He is not at all consistent in his standards.  He seems to change his idea of what he expects of you each week.  There is too much work to get only two credits.  The best part about the class is that it only meets once a week.  I have met a lot of great people in this class, though.
2 of the best courses I've taken in college. Trules is smart, caring, fierce, tender... a master. and HOT!
A great professor!  Really gets the students who want to be there motivated.  Don't take this class if you're shy or not willing to put forth your full effort.  If you put your energy into the class it will be helpful throughout life.
No Comments
Trules is great!  He really allows students to express themeselves and only demands journals once a week.  You'll definitely learn a lot about trusting instincts and having fun acting.
No Comments
315219	Amy	Parish	26
She was very enthusiastic about the material in Darwin's Legacy, however the amount of reading is ridiculous and the way she grades assignments is awful.  Exams are endless in-class essays and she returns assignments so late if at all that you never know where you stand. 9 books per semester--take her only if you REALLY love the material!
First I would like to say I love Professor Parish. She is really educated in Darwin's Legacy, but if you don't have a true interest in this class don't take it. It's a lot of reading like 9 books per semester. If you don't have time then you're in trouble for the final. Plus she's a super hard grader!
Hard grader, you don't ever know how well you're doing in the class. Good luck trying to get e-mail responses...We also had to read 9 novels to "back-up" the lectures, but we only talked about them each once or twice. Her class structure is unorganized and she doesn't like it when you work in groups for studying. I wouldn't recommend this class.
She's awesome. Super sweet and she knows her stuff really well! All you gotta do is be on good terms with her and the T.A and you will pass the class. They're super friendly so that's not a problem. However, there are a bunch of readings. It's not a hard class...but don't procrastinate and be lazy because then it will become hard.
Dr. Parish is a really nice person... But she assigns a lot of readings! Midterm was way harder compared to final. You had to write a 7 page research paper. She also offers a ton of extra credit! Get to know her and the T.A. and you'll pass!
She definitely is well educated in Anthropology but i believe her political and social opinions sometimes spill too much over into her lectures. Dr. Parish is very helpful however but sadly her TA isn't. Buy and read the books if you want to do well.
Nice Professor! Really really kind teacher like a friend. Always care about you. Very passionate about her materials. Lectures well-prepared but a little bit disorganized. Seldom talk about social issue on her GE6 course. She's a primatologist instead of an anthropologist
Her Love, Marriage and the Exp of Being a Wife class was extremely engaging and interesting. Though more anthropologically spun than expected, she kept lectures interesting and certainly knows her stuff. Books were good, but expect a lot of reading. Interesting guest lecturers, activities, and extra credit opps as well. GREAT professor!
She is a very respected researcher in her field and has a lot of information to offer, but her midterms are ridiculously difficult and cover readings that are never mentioned in class. avoid her unless you enjoy reading lots of books and taking impossible tests
Women, Health, and Ethnicity class was very interesting. Its true lecture never correlated with reading. But her study guides help A LOT, just break it up between students and you should do well. She's a very nice lady and also brought in a lot of very interesting guest speakers. I enjoyed the class and did well too! She is a bit disorganized, but 
HER CLASSES ROCK
Lady scared me away from biological anthropology. The lectures, testing, and books were not in sync. She tried to entertain more than teach.
She teaches too difficult of a class for a GE.  The work load is high, we read 8 books, and we talked about them once, the lecture material is totally different than the books and your expected to master both.  She also grades difficult.  I'm not usually picky either.
she's really nice, and interested in the subject matter and extremely knowledgeable. however, her lectures are a little scattered and may not necessarily correlate with the course. the tests are reasonable, and focus very strongly on the assigned reading, so read often
Dr. Parish is very interested in her subject matter, but here lectures are very scattered and do not relate to the readings whatsoever. This class seems poorly thought out and misleading. While the reading is somewhat interesting, the lectures are extremely boring. I wouldn't recommend this class.
Her Darwinism class was super interesting. I think there are some definite downsides to her teaching, like our TA was not from the rt field 2 be TAing the class and it seemed like she gave him no guidance which made things difficult. Ultimately, I've really enjoyed her class. A few journal entries, one 10 pg research paper, midterm, and a final
Class SEEMS like it will be easy because lectures are a breeze and move slowly and the subject is interesting, however tests and papers are based primarily on the books which she doesn't even touch on in class. Don't take this class if you can't give it the majority of your time.
Parish is a fantastic lecturer. It's so refreshing to have a teacher who KNOWS her subject! She breathes this stuff. She always has something interesting or insightful to say and her class has offered a many dinner conversation starters. As long as you read, show up for class, it should be fine. She even gives you a list of exam &#63;S beforehand!
This class was ridiculously hard, to a point where students averaged D's on all the mid-terms... run away because this is not a 'GE' course as it should be
I curse the day I decided to take her class. For a lower-division course, she is really hard. She assigns four books for this class, including a boring novel. She's nice and attractive, but she expects too much. It's almost like she expects all her students to only have her class and nothing else. If you're not majoring in anthropology, avoid her.
She is a very difficult teacher.Her tests are based entirely on readings.She rarely gets through a lecture and will force you to attend these boring lectures in the library with no bearing on the class.Additionally, she is very inflexible with regards to papers and behind on everything.Do all your readings if you want to pass.
She's very challenging, expects a lot and doesn't get through much of her lecture schedule. Instead, she relies heavily on the readings. Don't fall behind on your readings or you'll be sorry.
Such a hard class and a butt-load of work! don't take!
It is very difficult to get a good grade in her clasess but she is very dedicated to her subject and will teach you alot. But if you want an easy A steer clear.
It's a lot of work if you want to do well, but she is so knowledgeable, clear and interesting! I really really really enjoy her class. I actually look forward to it. Be ready to do the work though!
She is very interesting, but beware! She is a taskmaster.  Plenty of reading and challenging tests, but an A can be earned.  (BY HARD, HARD WORK!!!)
1207495	Tok	Thompson	26
Professor Tok is very knowledgeable but doesn't know how to present. He will ramble on the entire class period (although he is funny) and occasionally write a word on the board. If you're not paying attention for a few moments you'll look up and have no idea why he wrote that word down or what it means. Tests are easy and graded fairly
Professor Thompson is very knowledgeable and inspired about the field of popular culture. He can hold your attention and enthusiasm for three hours non stop with very interesting conversations and insight on how popular culture and anthropological theory affects our everyday life. Great way to learn how to research.
Professor Thompson is very condescending, has a bad attitude, and repeats himself constantly. 
His lectures are incredibly scattered and unorganized, but if you just accept that they are and pay attention to what he's saying you'll do fine.  The readings are essentially unnecessary, the midterm was just lecture stuff. Can be really entertaining if you have any interest in race relations. Overall it was great, I would definitely take it again
Honestly my least favorite class at USC. He randomly calls on people, makes statements that are not true about science, "Western mythology" etc. This class was not about all myths and narratives, just non-western ones (The definition of which he pulled out of his ass). Selecting paper topics was next to impossible with all of his made-up rules. 
He really knows his subject.  However, his lectures are scattered and unorganized. Everyone failed the incredibly specific midterm, so the TA graded our essays very nicely so everyone wouldn't have low grades in the class.  He submitted the incorrect grade for me and it's taken him over 6 months to fix the mistake (which he acknowledged).
I tried to get into Ghost Stories but it was completely full and he let me and about 6 other people into the class!He is really nice and easy to talk to if you have questions. The material in class was really interesting and even the papers were fun to write.  There was a lot of assigned reading, but you really only need to read some of it. TAKE IT
Professor Thompson is incredibly passionate about teaching and he knows everything about the subjects he teaches. Class attendance is absolutely mandatory because he has students write a short paragraph at the end of every lecture and he doesn't use any lecture aides so you only learn from what he says during class. A good class. not too hard.
Professor Thompson is very passionate about his subject matter and is very engaging in lecture. The course itself is already very interesting and discusses folklore in the context of modern culture. Definitely one of my favorite classes. His exams are straightforward, just be sure to attend class because questions may not be from the textbook.
He made attendance mandatory and gave out an essay to do at the end of his lecture. these essays carried way too much weight and it was possible to do poorly even if you were present in class and paying attention. his exams were too random as were his lectures; don't take! the material is interesting but the class itself isn't great.
This class should not be taught at USC. I have learned very little, other than discrimination against everyone not Native American. The professor is extremely biased, pompous, and unprofessional. The exams are ridiculously specific, he assigns excessive amounts of reading, and has no structure to his lectures. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.
His lectures were extremely disjointed, he mumbled all the time and he did not curve the midterm.  He is obviously interested in the subject matter but unless you want to be bored out of your mind and get a mediocre grade don't take his class.
Tok is a good guy, and this class is only difficult if you don't go to lecture. There's A LOT of reading, but he teaches you what you need to know during lecture so its unnecessary to do most of it. Just take good notes in lecture and you will be set for the midterm and final. Pretty good GE 2 overall, and it satisfies the diversity requirement!
Professor Thompson's Folklore class is as eye-opening as any class I've taken. While sometimes I didn't feel like going to class, his enthusiasm, knowledge, and sense of humor consistently made every class enjoyable. The only class I've ever been disappointed to see end.
Class "Native Americans". It's a decent class- a reasonable amount of reading, 2 papers, 1 midterm & a final. I was genuinely interested by about 85% of the content. It's boring at times, but compared to some classes that's nothing. He generalizes pretty frequently which can be bothersome. But overall it's a good class.
The material in this class is VERY boring. I was excited because the name of the class is ghost stories, but it is nothing like the title! And sometimes it seems unclear what exactly he wants us to know for papers/midterms. But he is a really nice professor if you talk to him.
Class is kind of boring... But also really easy to get a good grade. Totally B.S.ed all my papers and still managed to get a descent grade!
Do not take this class. It is an absurdly difficult GE. There is over 2,000 pages of reading required for the class and he tests on specific parts of the reading that are impossible to remember.  If you want an easy A this is not it.
He is a great teacher! Ghost stories is a great class and an easy A! He is really nice and interesting and as long as you show up to class it is easy to get a good grade. The biggest assignment was getting people to tell you ghost stories and writing them down! Really recommend this!
This was a great class! After taking it, I decided I want to start the Folklore minor because Tok inspired me. He was a pretty good lecturer, funny at times, and encouraged discussion and examples from members of the class and integrated this into our material, making the subject come alive.I strongly recommend this class to anyone!take notes, read
Tok is the most amazing teacher. My entire North American Natives class thought he was hilarious. He grew up in an Alaskan Indian community and is basically expert on his subject, and gives really easy-to-understand, funny lectures. There's a lot of concepts but he teaches them all well and is really accessible if you're confused. Fave professor
I love this class!! A lot of interesting materials.  You dont have to read everything in this class.  I basically never read, but to get A, you still need to skim though the books.  Again, lots of fun stuff and not as scary as I thought.
Very interesting class. He's a pretty cool guy that goes on about ghost stories, pretty legit
Tok is the man! Ghost stories was an amazing class I loved it. A lot of reading but you don't actually have to do it (it's only for discussion). The course starts out slow but gets better and better. If you like hearing ghost stories, you will like this class, and no matter what you will like Tok.
No Comments
Ghost Stories: Lots of reading. Grades essays really easy. Mid term and final tougher.
951790	Lars	Perner	26
He is an awkward professor with an exceptionally long syllabus, but he gives you all the tools to be successful. He is extremely helpful and lenient about deadlines. Overall, he is a good professor for marketing.
If u have a positive attitude about the class, you shouldn't have problem. Lectures and discussions are extremely long, but if u can sit through it, easy participation points. He literally posts everything that's on the test online, and although my study guide was 10+pages, I got an easy A after putting time into learning them.
The guy is a sweetheart, but seriously both the lectures and discussions are incredibly boring. And the tests don't are particularly tricky with ambiguous answers (a and c, a and b, none of the above) rather than on essential applicable skills. Contagioius is a great mandatory book he asks the class to read, but besides that biggest waste of time.
Being a nonbusiness major, this class was a fairly easy and worthwhile experience. One of the few professors who shows fascinating videos that supplement lecture. Can get a bit dull during lecture, but he makes a lot of interesting points.
I would recommend not taking Perner. He is one of the worst profs I've had-extremely boring, tests are essentially vocab tests, and he is extremely egotistical. Lectures are literally painful to attend. If you can bear his speaking, class isn't too bad. Just a nightmare before the midterm and final, memorize all topics on the study guides.
He has incredibly boring lectures and no matter how thorough you are with his study guides, he asks questions on his multiple choice tests consisting of a, b, c, a and b, b and c, a and c, all of the above, and none of the above.  It seems as though he prides himself on asking questions that do not actually test that you know the material.
The worst prof that I have ever had. Tests are no where close to relevant to the real world, he is extremely boring and does not clearly "teach" the material. It's all about memorizing the little details, which he says don't matter on the syllabus. If you have any interest in marketing, do yourself a favor and avoid at all costs.
Extremely organized and very smart. Lectures are a little boring, but his jokes keep my interest most of the time. Does not take attendance in lecture, but keeps track of participation in discussion. one midterm, one final, one final project, no homework
Very organized guy. He expects you to come to discussion sections and lectures. He will occasionally have &quot;pop attendance sheets&quot; to see if you come to class. His tests are very clear and straightforward if you follow the copious notes he hands out. Class itself is pretty boring though
Great teacher for a class that I had almost no interest in. He is HIGHLY organized, down to color-coded handouts, seating arrangements for midterm/final and participation. Monotone voice can bore you to tears. Overall, his expectations are clear and he is helpful. Despite his demeanor, he is very clever.
Disregard any negative comments about Perner - he's easy, easygoing, and is willing to help out those who contribute positively to the course. He has Asperger's and it can be easy to zone out in lecture with his monotone voice, but overall his teaching ability, humor, and genuine concern for his students outweighs anything negative about him. Solid
Not so good
he is very hard to understand and lectures are unbearable. the class itself is easy but the tests are ridiculous
The class is fairly easy. Perner's lectures are pretty boring but the term project is pretty cool. It's not an easy A, but it's definitely manageable to get an A- or B+.
Can be boring, but really easy and knowledgeable. One of the better teachers in Marshall.
I would definitely recommend this class and teacher.  Although attendance to his lecture isn't required, during discussion he records your participation points.  Make sure you contribute.  Also for the midterm and final look through his power points and previous exams. Don't hesitate to go into his office hours.
Perner is not hard.  He is very boring and can be hard to follow at times.  The goods outweight the bads (1 Midterm, 1 Non-Cum Final, Participation, Paper, and 3 Quizzes).  Study for the Midterms and you will get an A or B.  One of the most knowledgeable teachers at SC.
Nice guy, but class is SO BORING! Assignments are easy, tests are alright, study previous exams (alot is the same). 1 MT, 1 non-cumulative final, 4 quizzes, 2 papers (project proposal, application paper, optional final paper). Has some funny jokes, great personality, but at times I would zone out, speaks monotone. EASY, TAKE his class.
Best teacher ever in USC!
class is mandatory but you can skip up to 5. hes reasonable and a nice guy. makes class material interesting. do well on the assignments and you'll do fine. just study whatever he outlines and gives you on the handouts.
Perner is a very nice guy, great teacher. Class is pretty much mandatory but you can miss up to 5 classes. His discussions are pretty good. Lectures are a bit boring. As long as you read the slides, and pay attention to his handouts, and read what he tells you to you'll be fine.
Perner is a very nice guy but his class is pretty boring. As long as you study the slides and do the reading getting an A is simple but I don't feel like I learned as much as other classes. If you just want easy, take Perner. If you want to learn about marketing, I would go with another teacher. Lectures are him reading the slides and showing clips
Lectures not mandatory, but participation in discussions is worth a lot of grade. Super mellow and easy class. Gives previous exams to review before midterms. Definitely doable to get an A.
Although at first he seems kind of strange, he is really very easy going and super nice. He makes things very easy for you in terms of exams and papers, and there is only one lecture and one two hour discussion each week which he teaches himself. If you're going to take BUAD 307, take it with Perner.
He is the most helpful and caring professor I will probably ever have.  He is so understanding and really really flexible about deadlines.  Attendance is technically mandatory but he is flexible about that too.  It was also really easy.  I got a 100% on the midterm and a 110%, beacuse he curved it, on the final. I would 100% take him again.
No Comments
1853285	Kam	Hamidieh	26
Kam is such a great professor. He made stats very understandable and fun! I had never taken stats before and did very poorly on the first midterm but with his help I was able to raise my grade substantially!! He makes himself very available for students and is overall a great guy.
For those of you who don't know, they restructured 310 and now you have a weekly application session. YOU MUST GET KAM!!! He is literally the only reason I survived stats and will help your group out when you have questions. Everyone complains about the other two application profs, but no one complains about Kam. Plus he brings candy! 
Discussion with Kam was a fun class, but make sure you get a good group at the beginning of the course.  Application exercises are like easy group tests that make up a large percentage of your grade.
He's awesome and super cool. Very helpful to everyone. Hope you get him :)
Nothing short of super helpful. A genius. A REALLY attractive. A++
Kam is amazing!!!!! He knows all of his students like the back of his hands, his practice tests are JUST like the actual tests. He has killer power points and definitely takes the time to know and care for his students. I loved him! he was so funny and he still says hi to me on campus! THIS IS A MUST TAKE! You don't need the textbook!
Great teacher
The nicest guy. Really cares about his students and his class is easy if you do your work.
He is a really nice teacher and it's not hard to do well in the class. Attendance is not mandatory, but he knows everyone's name, so he will know if you aren't there which could impact how well you do for participation. I thought I was going to get a B or B+, but I got a A- so his grading is very generous. Take him if you have the chance.
Kam really cares that you learn the material and why something is a certain way instead of just what it is. He is always open for office hours and is always willing to help. The material is super dry and sometimes just horrible but his tests are pretty straight forward and you always get cheat sheets.
Pros - Clear, helpful, gives you practice exams, nice guy, first test is easy                            Cons - practice exams are pretty different than real exams, keeps you to the last minute of EVERY class, covers ALOT of material.
Kam is great!  His powerpoints are clear and provides helpful study guides and notes!!  I would definitely recommend!
Show up to class because if he notices you are not their he will dock you some participation points. Other than that, very straightforward with his tests. All of the questions come from the MyStatLab homework or the in class problems. Very nice, caring professor. Stats was not an easy course but I got a good grade in Kam's class.
Teaches you exactly what's gonna be on the tests. Fairly easy homework. Does not take attendance but I would not recommend missing class.
One of the better stats professors but definitely not as easy as the ratings put it.  Definitely not hard though.  Just do all the homework and attend lectures and study for tests.  Then you should be fine.
Take him he's boss
One of the best professors I have ever had. He comes prepared to every class with extremely detailed PowerPoint presentations. He genuinely cares about his students and takes the time to learn each of their names. He explains the concept with extreme clarity. Could not have asked for a better professor.
Kam is a kind and genuine individual. He truly cares about his students and teaches you what you NEED to know. Def recommend him.
Teaches with lots of clarity, cares about his students. Attend his class (actually listen because he takes alot of his exam questions from lectures) and you should do well
He's a good guy and knowledgeable.  Just attend, pay attention to his slides, take notes, do the work, and get a decent grade.  He's also very helpful outside class.  Sometimes a bit too driven (takes all of the class time) but I guess he likes stats.
Suuuper easy tests. Often copies questions from practices and homework, but only the simplest ones. Lectures can be unclear or overly-complicated, but he's pretty adorkable and sometimes shows cat videos. He memorizes all your names so it's awk if you skip a lot, but attendance isn't really necessary since he posts the slides online. RECOMMEND!
Great guy! He's a really straightforward teacher and adds in stats jokes to make the class wake up when we look too bored. The exams are really easy, and that's coming from someone who never took stats before and is dysfunctional at math.
Kam is a nice guy but is by no means a good teacher. He tries his best to engage the class but fails miserably. You can tell he loves statistics but it's a shame he can't convey those feelings to his students. Unclear and lousy at teaching. Don't bother with Kam
He is very passionate in what he is teaching. Sometimes he makes jokes to make this class less boring. His slides basically cover everything you need to know for his exams. The exams are very straightforward - almost no tricky questions. Take his class and you will learn what you need to learn for stats!
Takes time to learn the names of students, and really tries to get the class engaged (even though no one wants to). Super sweet&dorky, makes everything straightforward and understandable although lectures can be slightly dry (but it's stats). Very open and helpful. Exams are extremely straightforward if you study the powerpoints. Take his class!
He's literally the best teacher. It's his first semester teaching at USC, but he's already my favorite. He teaches stats, he knows his students, and he explains everything very thoroughly. Definitely recommend. I think I'll definitely get a good grade in this class! DEFINITELY RECOMMEND!
1314253	Matthew	Pratt	26
Pratt isn't necessarily an excellent professor. His CHEM203 class is just easy. All the lectures are posted online and attendance is not mandatory. Just go to an SI session the night before each of the 5 exams and you'll do fine. He also drops your lowest score. Weekly labs are very easy and they are completely online. I would recommend this class.
Great class I highly recommend it. For more reasons then one ;)
Recommend highly as a GE4! I loved his class. He taught jointly with Rebecca Broyer. Pratt is a cool professor. Exams are straightforward.  Not hard if you just study the powerpoints he uses in his lecture (he posts them online). He even drops your lowest exam score.
I don't know why people have given him such low ratings. He is a great lecturer and manages to actually keep our attention for the whole class. He also moves relatively quickly so we always got out before the full time. Labs are easy and the tests are the only reason this class is manageable (they're multiple choice). Overall, recommended highly
Pratt ran this class as a GE should be run. It did not have any heavy computations or concepts but there is a decent amount of material to learn. There are 4 tests 25 questions each so there is little room for error. He drops one test though and the final is very easy if you mess up. The curve was about 0.5% for us so don't count on it. Very good!
This class is pretty easy, as long as you minimal amounts of studying and watch/go to lecture. I would not recommend this class to someone who has no chemistry background. The class is pretty easy, but he does go at a fast-ish for people with no science background. If you have taken a chemistry class, this will be an easy A.
Matt Pratt is an entertaining and lively lecturer. He's very relatable and likely to crack jokes at some point. That said, this class is difficult if you don't have a background in chemistry. Labs are easy compared to other chem classes at USC. Grade based on tests, which are largely multiple choice, and lab. There may/may not be a curve.
Most important: DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU HAVE NEVER DONE CHEMISTRY BEFORE. For those who have some exposure to Chemistry, this class is interesting and very easy to get an A in if you listen to instructions and read his notes. There are weekly labs so you have a lot of chances to up your grade. All exams are MC and are based on lectures
Easy enough class. He records every lecture and puts it online. Teacher's funny as heck and witty, but not very nice. Won't generally answer your questions so ask the TA's. If you go to your assigned lab times you'll get an A easily. Interesting topic. We NEVER use the textbook. All tests are fully MC. Class curved based on non-major's grades.
it's an okay class--not too easy but not too hard either. no need to buy the textbook because you use it like once..pratt is a funny&cool guy! midterms can be quite challenging, but one of them gets dropped by end of the semester!
Very nice. All lectures and labs are posted online so it is okay to miss a section.  Designed for non-science majors.  Also, lowest test is dropped.  Very interesting material too.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS. Grades were supposed to be curved differently for science and non-science majors but that does not exist anymore. If you don't know chemistry, do not expect to do well because they teach you one thing and expect you to know everything else-RIDICULOUS. very detail oriented. TAs NOT HELPFUL AT ALL. Pratt is funny but not nice.
previous comments are ridiculous. Professor Pratt is one of the funniest professors I've ever met. He explains the concept clearly. I went to his office hour frequently and it helped a lot! being a science/non-s major has NOTHING to do with succeed in this class!! all you need is putting in efforts!!!!
This was the worst class I have ever taken.The material that this class covers is too much, and he doesnt explain as thoroughly as it needs to be. If you are not a science major it's impossible to get an A.
Definitely not an easy GE if you're not a science major. I got Ds on all 3 exams but 18-19/20 on the labs because I went to office hours and to all the SIs and finally got a B on the final and ended up B in the class. You can definitely pass but you have to work hard for it.
great teacher. if you try you will pass.. and the great thing is that lectures are posted online and labs are not mandatory
He's a generally good professor, considering it's such a big class, and tries to keep lectures interesting. Super chill and posts lecture notes with voice recordings on website so you don't have to go to class. HOWEVER, this is NOT an easy G.E. if you aren't into science. Labs and tests are difficult and you have to do well on those to pass.
Really cool professor. However, I do NOT recommend this GE for non science majors. Don't know what that one person said about it being an easy GE, to set the record straight THIS IS NOT AN EASY GE. If you're looking for an easy GE take &quot;In a Word&quot; or &quot;Sci of Happiness&quot; heard those are easy. VERY CHALLENGING IF YOU AREN'T ABOUT CHEM
Do not take this class unless you are a science major. The class is catered towards them and the TAs are very unhelpful. He moves too fast through the material and it is not clear. The class is more Chemistry than learning about AIDs as well.
Prof Pratt kept lectures interesting. He's a funny guy. However, the material is hard, especially for someone who is not a &quot;science person.&quot; Another professor teaches sometimes and she's confusing (moves too fast through lecture). Attendance at labs not mandatory, but helpful. TAs are ok. No hw except labs. Tests are difficult.
this class is made annoying by the labs and how whack some of the t.a's are and the two lecturers thing is annoying pratt is good but that lady not so much
Sick professor. Great/easy GE. Highly recommended. The only class I didn't miss even though I didn't have to go. If you took AP Bio in high school you will get 100% on the first exam. Labs are kind of useless and annoying, only criticism.
Dr. Pratt is awesome. He is very easy going, young, and has a great sense of humor. He knows his stuff well, too. He has sort of a hipster vibe with the beard and tats (!). Class was not mandatory-all lectures were online in audio and video format and the labs were very easy. Good class for GE credit.
Easy going
Theres really no reason to attend class or labs. All notes are online. Lab is online too but its helpful if you go. Professor Pratt is cool, funny and turns the lights low during lectures. He only taught 2nd half of the semester but he was way better than Brutchey. His tests were easier too. one exam is dropped so dont worry if you bomb the 1st one
No Comments
839984	Daniel	Richter	26
Richter is hilarious but also extremely insightful. His goal was to change the way we think about the world around us (specifically with regard to diversity) and it worked. Class is 95% discussion-based, so participate and make sure you at least know roughly what the readings are about. The material is fascinating, even if the syllabus isn't clear
this was simply the worst class ive ever taken in my life. Lots of Readings, cocky attitude, tries to be funny, says no final on the first week then says he added it during the second week,  gotta have really fast hand writing cuz u rnt allowed to use laptop to type notes, weird TA, expects students to attend his boring pointless lecture, pop quizs
Will say things in class that you will want to write down. He is a thoughtful, kind and motivational leader who will teach you to think about the world in a different way. Although he doesn't always stay on the subject matter, if you just go with the flow you will have the experience of your life. Be thoughtful in your writing and he will love you!
Richter is a very chill guy but not suitable as a college professor. His lectures are awfully boring and difficult to keep up and take notes. Unfortunately, I also had the pleasure of getting a terrible TA who treats a GE like a Berkeley CS weedout class. This class is very good for Classics majors, but if you just want easy GE, avoid at all costs.
Funny teacher and passionate about the subject, but readings are too long to keep up with. It's hard to understand what he's saying in lecture because he uses Greek words sometimes and goes on tangents. He's very picky about attendance but lectures can be boring. Grades depend on TAs. Wouldn't be my first choice for a GE. 
Super funny professor but the texts are dull. The grading is all based on the TA so if you're stuck with a tough TA, there's not much you can do. I attended every lecture and I have a B going into finals. I know some people who have As and never go to lecture they just attend the discussion section. Avoid the class if you can.
Professor Richter has the voice of Zach Galifinakis and is almost as entertaining, in my opinion. He knows that very few people take the class because they're interested in the subject matter, but he manages to make the material interesting and engaging in lecture for all. I love his tangents. The class is an easy A if your TA grades kindly. Love.
Richter was good professor. He was funny and engaging with stories and such, but sometimes went on long tangents. Note taking was difficult because he jumped around topics a lot. If you read, attended class, took good notes, and had a good TA, it is not a hard class. TAs grade everything though. 2 Papers, 2 midterms.
Prof. Richter was awesome! He is incredibly insightful and knowledgeable about the Classics; he even knows Ancient Greek! We didn't have very much work, and class discussions - though sometimes barely mentioning the work being read - were always insightful and something to look forward to. I almost want to be a Classics Major just because of him!
Professor Richter is a GREAT TO professor with an extremely easy class compared to others.  He is a classics guy, so expect everything in lecture to somehow deviate to discussion of Greek/Roman history/cultural/politics.  Never actually talks about the reading.  He is extremely knowledgeable and probably the most hilarious teacher I've ever had.
Lectures were interesting, readings were long, draining, and incredibly boring. 2 exams and 2 papers, exams were open notes, so go to class and write down EVERYTHING he says word for word. Grade depends on TA. Pretty funny professor, but cocky and goes off on tangents. Not a horrible GE to take.
No textbook but heavy on readings which don't necessarily have to be done.  Midterm and final were both open note so as long as you have some you don't need to do much prep.  He's actually a pretty funny professor, but the subject matter is unbearably boring unless you're really interested in racism throughout the ancient world.  Not a bad GE.
He's a funny guy, and the class is kinda interesting. Exams are easy. I had a good TA too. Overall the course was good.
Richter is the funniest professor.  He should be a comedian.  I took the class pass/no pass and really enjoyed it.  Quite a bit of reading, but interesting lecture.
Although this professor is really funny & down to Earth, that doesn't help this course any. It was heavy on readings which were very long. The readings themselves are draining and boring. I attended every lecture & still only got a C+. TA's matter. It's hard to take comprehensive notes because he goes off on tangents. Go to class & take good notes!
Awesome professor!
He's pretty funny and enjoys teaching the material. Attendance to lectures is absolutely mandatory, you won't get anywhere in the class without notes word-for-word for what he says. Material is confusing most of the time but discussions help a little. Overall not a terrible GE to take, and he really does try to make it interesting.
Prof Richter is amazing! seriously, my favorite class
Really good teacher. The material was a bit dense at times and he did monopolize debate on occasions but he enhanced the learning experience
I came into this class thinking it was high school stuff all over.  He is very entertaining and easy to talk to and interprets mythology and gives it purpose like I've never known before.  Great class!  Very fair/easy 2 exams and 2 papers.
I really like him. He's funny and I think he teaches really well. Because of this class, I've looked at Mythology in ways that I've never seen before. Prof. Richter is absolutely brilliant! He's probably my favorite professor so far.
People should get used to arrogant profs. They're just part of the scene. Same with profs who are not funny. And he's both. What really annoyed me was that he doesn't really care about teaching or students. For someone who's interested in the material, that's hard to take.
His class was alot better than I thought it'd be... and easier too. But I rarely read and was able to get a good idea through his summaries, he goes over the main points. Honestly, I NEVER read and I got a B... but I did attend every class and took great notes. He's funny but cocky. he's ok.
A total joke. Smug, full of himself, and an abysmal teacher. Even worse, he thinks he's funny.
No Comments
No Comments
156504	Robert	Scheer	26
Prof. Scheer's class is such an interesting class if you're into discussion and current events. Topics range from football, cosmetic surgery, racism, economy, sexism, war etc. all in relation to media and society. My biggest disappointment was the students, barely two handful of students really participate in the discussion,Cool guests
The classes and guest speakers are always interesting. If you attend lecture the test is super easy. He also makes sure tests are fair so if many students get a question wrong he discounts it. The weekly assignment of doing readings and then writing about it isn't a big deal. 
Almost all the same guest speakers every semester. He's extremely opinionated- his way or the highway. He is very aware of his accomplishments and loves to promote himself and his books. I dreaded going to this class because I knew it would be extremely liberal and would leave no room for alternate discussion. Interesting, but extremely painful.
Easy A. Super exciting class. Professor Scheer brings in the best and the brightest and then puts them to the test on stage! Awesome! I am not a comm major, took the class as an elective, and absolutely loved it - and actually learned about some pressing topics I really never delved into before. Take this class!
Class has amazing guest speakers, who I learned the most from. He has HW due before class-3 long-ish questions about the readings, which are a little hard, but helped for the test b/c they made you read. Tests are mostly straightforward. Attend lecture. Scheer is interesting, but doesn't really give you time-of-day if you email him/ask after class.
The guest speakers are amazing and if you do the readings (which are short anyways) and go to class there is no reason you can't get an A. Agree with below comments though, TA's can be an issue, if not with grading then with participating in Scheer's discussions and being extremely annoying.
COMM 310 I really liked Prof. Scheer as a professor, and the class was very interesting. Also, a lot of interesting speakers presented in this class! To get a good grade one only has to attend classes and take notes! Not a lot of homework either!!
They changed this course a bit from previous semesters, it is more difficult now. You have to turn in discussion questions each week & the quizzes are EXTREMELY difficult. There seems to be a disconnect between TAs & Professor Scheer. Love the prof and he is well respected among his peers. Great guest speakers and timely course material. Recommend
If you want an easy A, take this class.
Such a waste of time.
This class is free advertisement for bob's books and websites. His constant self endorsements make me want to puke. He sells his OWN books out of a cardboard box so he pockets all the profits- HELLO&#63;!-He has no lesson plans and I learned nothing about media and society. If you want to spend your tuesday nights wanting to die this class is for you.
Great teacher, amazing connections, interesting conversations & ideas. This speaker-based class is an instant A as long as you go to class, pay attention, and do the readings
If you go to class and take notes you'll basically get an A. It's a pretty interesting class. Lot's of famous people come in and speak and you get to watch a lot of movies.
Not a dull moment ever...
Great teacher, but I got a creepy feeling. I had been talking to him for one minute before he hit on me right after a lecture. Ugh!
Horrible teacher. Was very biased and didn't allow for a safe environment that would allow for diverse opinions. Very arrogant and full of himself.
No Comments
No Comments
Awesome class! great speakers!! very intreging!!
Everyone loves this class because of the guests he brings in... he's a well connected guy.  He's very witty and fun to listen to.  I agree that the TAs can get annoying - it's a huge class.  Nonmajors always try to get into this class - it's very entertaining.
I thought that the best part about this class were the guest speakers.  The people that we were exposed to were awesome.  The T.A.'s were a bunch of idiots though.
scheer is brilliant - most everyone in the class is an idiot and the entire experience is lost on them.  the only person who is more of an idiot is sofia, the TA, i can't believe the school exposes her to students, i think they are consequently dumber...
He offers some of the best speaker and networking opportunities in the Communications School. The class was never dull, but the teaching assistants can be problematic.
Class is great. He brings in some amazing  people. He does like to contribute his side of the story,b ut thats because he has been in the journalism field for years.
What a jerk! He has a complex and he thinks only his opinion is valid.
Obnoxious! He just likes to hear himself speak and he loves having power over his guests. Total name-dropper and just a huge, pompous guy. Class has lots of potential, though!
1692520	Yanhui	WU	26
Professor Wu is pretty amazing! He's always there for you and willing to answer any of your questions with great patience and clarity. His accent may take sometime to get used to; however his class materials are straight forward and easy to understand if you combine them with the textbook and his problem sets. 
Nice prof. and like to tell joke to students (a lot not funny ha). He heavily focuses on calculus, and a lot of the class is on the "game theory" topic--kinda hard. BUT, he gives mock tests which are almost the same with real tests, and at the end there is a HUGE curve coz he knows his test is tough. Not hard to get A range, around 40% of students
Prof. Wu is a pretty amazing professor. This was the first economics course that I had taken in my entire life, and he did a great job at helping me understand the material. No homework, but do the problem sets and GO TO OFFICE HOUR (saved my butt!). Only thing bad is his accent. It's not an easy class, but an A is attainable if you work hard. 
Professor Wu knows his stuff and can generally get the information across to his students, although he is occasionally difficult to understand or confused by the language used by the students. Willing to help anyone that needs it, and a genuinely good person that wants all of his students to succeed. About 60% of students get a grade of B or above.
Overall, not a bad class and he doesn't give you mandatory homework as opposed to other 351 professors. However, his thick Chinese accent takes some time to get used to, and the problem sets are not always applicable to the quizzesmidterm like he's says they will be. He spends too long on easy concepts and breezes over the difficult ones. 
Wu is brilliant, kind, down-to-earth, and reasonable. Class is a lot of work, but he is really lenient with grading, meaning he gives out a TON of solid A's. He's incredibly selfless, frequently writes lengthy emails to address concerns, and willing to speak about anything on your mind. Glad I met him & took his class. I also took a selfie w him!
He was a pretty good professor. His tests are doable but if you're having trouble and ask for help he can sometimes not be that great of help. But overall he's not a bad professor.
Unlike what others say, Wu is a great professor. The only bad thing might be his accents. Other than that, he is there for you, open to any question or clarification.
He is very nice and willing to give you a good grade. Lectures are boring despite his effort to make it interesting, but attendance is unnecessary. He is good at teaching how to do well on the exams, but you can get an A without actually understanding the materials. Overall, I learned very few things through this class but will recommend taking it.
Prof. Wu teaches with passion and care. His teaching approach is highly agreeable. My friends and I attended his class regularly and followed his advice to solve problem set questions step by step. We all aced in this course. Highly recommended.
I wouldn't say his class is easy. But he is very understanding and good at explaining the fundamental. Clarity about technical details is a bit lacking.
Very passionate about his class, but very hard to understand. He's a nice guy and you want him to be a great professor, but the clarity just isn't there. Easy grader though. Tests based on problem sets. I used the book maybe once.
Take him if you've taken Econ in high school or have a background at all - He teaches very basic, odd stuff (we spent like 2 months on indifference curves). Very upbeat guy, takes some getting used to the accent but isn't terrible at all. The tests are passable if you pay attention/go to some class/know a little bit about econ.
Why all the hate ratings? Professor Wu is a fantastic educator; he is undemanding and follows the textbook in lecture. He provides a sample midterm and problem sets that are basically the same questions on the midterm. Everyone is complaining too much. The material is easy, no homework, group/take home quizzes, plus he is undemanding. What more?
He's very bad at teaching and explaining things and being clear. Nobody learns anything in class and when people ask questions he can't articulate answers very well. Since he doesn't use the book you can't even follow along with the text and teach yourself. I do not recommend this teacher
Such a nice guy but DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. You will literally learn nothing, and it's "easy" in the sense that theres literally never any homework due or anything, but that means that all the quizzes and tests are very heavily weighted and you'll most likely do poorly on those because you definitely won't learn anything from him in class to apply.
He is new to teaching and has an accent, but he is very relaxed and undemanding of you. The material is easy, just don't be an idiot and you'll be fine, everyone complains too much. This guy gives no homework, grades generously, tests aren't hard, and he is easily reacheable and knows what he is doing.
Very hard to understand. class seems unorganized and lectures are very boring. do not take this teacher.
His english is SO poor. You literally can not understand it. The material is not consistent with the class. He is such a bad teacher - he really doesnt know how to teach at all. His lectures were so useless. I did not learn ANYTHING useful from his class. Grading is really weird too. Take Camara. I sat in his class for a couple of days and hes good
Very nice and smart but difficult to understand because of his English. Does not explain concepts clearly. You don't need to buy the textbook, just study the problems on the lecture notes because everything is taken from there. No workload at all, just four quizzes and midterm/final. I would recommend as long as you take the time to study.
A rather easy class as the professor doesn't give any homework and there are only 4 20 min quizzes (of which 1 is take home) 1 midterm, and 1 non-cumulative final. He's rather helpful, but sometimes it is hard to follow the class due to the teacher's inexperience and accent (you'll get used to it though).
It's his first year at USC(or maybe even teaching), so if you are really interested in subject take someone else because he is very inexperienced. He basically changes the numbers of the exercises he gives us and puts them on the quizzes.  Very easy and sweet guy(and a PhD from LSE) but not the best one to actually learn economics.
He's nice and sweet and cares about the students, but is unclear and really has no idea what he's doing. His lectures are very confusing and it's all powerpoint based for the most part. His accent's not too bad, you get used to it. If you have to option, wait for him to get more experience; he's too new to be good.
His accent is heavy but you'll get used to it. No homework, only optional review exercises that you should do. Four quizzes, one of which is take home, and he drops the lowest quiz out of the 4. There is only 1 midterm that is similar to the two previous quizzes. Concepts are hard but an easy class. Boring as hell. Attendance not mandatory.
Despite the accent he is the easiest one among all ECON 251 professors. He uses some interesting examples to show how economics are related to life. He does not give homework, uses previous quiz and exercise questions for tests, thus making the course fun and easy. Highly recommended.
his classes are so boring, and we can barely hear his voice, his heavy accent and boring contents make you sleepy. Most of his lectures are confusing and he can not explain economics clearly. And some times I could not understand his logic...
407770	Gregory	Davis	26
This class was one of the most challenging classes I've taken. The tests are so hard, and you never not what exactly they're going to put on there. Most of the material comes form class lecture notes, so you should probably be attending those if you want to do well. The material can be confusing at times. Don't bother with the textbook.
Davis is really nice. I had difficulties with the midterm aka really disappointed with my grade. He was very understanding and gave me some tips on how to improve. I find him quite funny, lectures are nice and fast, helpful (STUDY them) slides. You don't really need the book but its good for clarification. Easy GE, easy B-+. 
I dropped this class but it was the only one I looked forward to (didn't need it). Lectures are quick and fun. Interesting even if you're not into science. Easy GE but tests are fairly complicated. Technically you don't need a textbook but it's good to have one. Slides are very helpful. He's very nice but I've never talked to him. Easy B... 
Professor Davis knows what he's talking about, there's no doubt about it. He's an extremely intelligent man. However, his expectations for how committed a student should be to a GE that has no mandatory attendance and no other grades than a few tests is ridiculously high. Overall, it wasn't a hard class if you went to lectures. Labs were very easy
Professor Davis is an awesome teacher! If you attend his lecture, you will do fine in the exams. His class does not have a textbook (which = SAVING money) but his powerpoints supplement instead. The majority of his powerpoints need to be explained by him so go to lecture! He occasionally tells you what will be on the exam. Oh and he is adorable!
The most boring class I have ever taken. If you want an A, come to every class and take a detailed notes. If you take the pass/fail, only go to review sessions and you can pass with little effort. Professor Davis means well, but wow is this class dry.
This is one of those classes where as soon as it's obvious he never takes attendance people just stop going. But if you go, and if you take a day before each exam to read through and take notes on past lectures, and go to the review session, you'll do fine. It's not hard, it just isn't an easy throw-away GE. Davis is also extremely nice.
His tests are impossible and he gives no sympathy
I see people saying its "super easy". It SEEMS that way at first if u go to class...the slides are pretty straight forward, take notes. Lab is a mission but doable. Course content is HUGE! EXAMS HAVE VERY LITTLE TO DO WITH LECTURE! The way questions are asked throws you completely off base! You'll go into exams thinking all is good & then BAM! SKIP
Super easy GE. I don't know why more people don't sign up, esp if you live in Parkside. Just roll out of bed and cross the street. Topics relevant to daily lives (Indonesian/Haiti earthquake, tsunami). Little to no science knowledge required. Labs are SO easy. Like reading charts and answering questions easy. Tests all multiple choice. No papers!
Davis was incredible! Lectures correlate exactly to the test! Pay attention and study and you will be fine!  The TAs are awesome and make labs interesting!  Overall, Davis is funny, sarcastic and really makes geology interesting.  For all of you haters, you obviously didn't put as much time in the class as you thought.
He has a lot of experience, and you will learn a lot about the earth and current events. However, his tests are really tough because he uses really tricky wordings on the questions. You have to go to lab, but they are pretty easy. There's also a required field trip.
His tests make total sense as long as you go to class!!! I didn't go to the first class and missed those questions on the exam, but all the other materials was directly from class. You can't just study from his power points. he's really nice. Loved geology after this class
His lectures do not correlate well with tests or with the labs.  A lot of his powerpoints seemed like they were mostly just him showing off pretty pictures of his field work in China and very little content.  He seemed offended that most of us didn't drop everything and attend the mandatory field trip he changed dates on at the last minute.
I have no idea what the previous people are talking about. I love this class. Davis is very passionate about the subject and does a very good job explaining everything! He's very nice and helpful, and has made geology much better for me!
Do not take this guy. His tests do not correlate with the material. After one test a fellow student told me he didn't know Geology was a foreign language.  I put in a huge effort to succeed in this class and nothing materialized.
The course itself is pretty straightforward. The concepts are simple, but there is a lot of information to memorize. The lectures can be boring, but if you engage they are interesting and (at times) humorous. The textbook doesn't follow very closely with the course, I never once read it and got an A. The mandatory field trip is inconvenient.
thinks his class is the most important one in the world and he will put you to sleep
He was a difficult professor b/c there was a lack of correlation between what was said in class and what showed up on the exams. He made the simple material very hard to master at times, and even when I went to his office hours he wasn't amiable at all. He does not explain simple concepts well enough to non-majors. He's tough.
Davis is alright. I don't dislike him, but having him for class everyday could be a little boring. I'm lucky enough to have a class that switches off professors every few weeks. This allows some rest, and I can experience two faculty of the geology department instead of just one!
Professor Davis is very biased.  He does not use a text book and he makes you go on manditory feild trip that takes forever and kills a weekend.
Not a good course for jackasses.  You need to be paying attention and eager to learn or you will not do well.  Greg is one of the most knowledgable tectonocists in the world you will be luck to get the chance to learn from him!
I agree with the previous comment. He wants to show that you are not up to him, that you do not work enough; he is on a power trip, and that unbalances the few qualities he might have had in the past as a teacher. USC deserves better, both the students and the department.
Very knowledgable and a great field mapper.  However, he plays favorites-helps if your a woman, and he will go to some lengths to humiliate you publically.
If you came to class, that was half the battle. Extremely knowledgable and passionate about his work. Learned some unsettling facts about our enviroment today. Academically, T.A.'s carry a lot of the load which can be good or bad. Needed a clearer focus.
my worst teacher ever; never clear on what he wants, we did not learn much; we were forced to cook for him in field trips and he even complained because we did not have his fav food;this would have been a great class with another teacher. He should retire
496997	Sharon	Gillerman	26
Although you do have to attend lecture and discussion classes to keep up with the work, it isn't super hard to get an A. Sharon Gillerman is a great professor; she will make you look forward to class (or at least not dread it). There's 1 midterm, 1 easy term paper, and 1 non-cumulative final. Ideal GE class.
She was really dull and boring. Stopped going to lecture after the midterm, BSed the term paper, and stopped doing the readings after the midterm and still got a decent grade. Go to discussion and you will do well. The tests is basically what you talk about in discussion. Grade is based off 1 midterm, 1 paper, 1 final and discussion.
The TAs do not understand this is a GE course and cannot expect so much passion for the material from non-major students. Readings are far too difficult and dry, assignments are unclear and dates change. Lectures are dry and the material seems inconsequential. I was extremely excited about this course and was very let down by the teaching style.
Amazing! She makes the class very interesting - you won't even start WWII until after the first midterm. Awesome choice for a GE 6. Make sure you read the course reader, if you don't read anything it will be extremely hard for you to do well but reading most of it will be fine.
Very boring class. Never went to lecture.  I would not recommend this GE6 or this professor.
Hard but interesting class. She says all the lectures so be ready to take notes, 1 midterm, 1 paper, and 1 final basically makeup your grade
Excellent teacher. She speaks fast so it can be hard to keep up while taking notes. Only had a midterm, term paper and final. The exams have an evaluation of a primary source and an essay question but she gives a study guide that makes it really easy to do well as long as you have the notes to answer fully. Reading is heavy but interesting
Take good notes! She talks really fast, so make sure to compare notes with someone else to make sure you have everything.
It feels like I knew the stuff from before and just got college credit for it. Not too much work because the readings always say what you expect, so you can just skim. Not really challenging and super boring but it was good for my GPA.
This has been my absolute favorite GE so far! Even though I got a B in the class, the note taking and analytical skills I learned were invaluable. GO TO LECTURE! She does not post any notes on blackboard. Also talk to the TA's for help with the term paper. It makes all the difference. Amazing class despite its difficulty!
Great professor. Really insightful lectures.
Gillerman knows everything there is about this subject, gives very thorough lectures. Notes are important but you can miss a few classes and still do well. Get a good TA and this class should be pretty easy for you. A lot of reading but not unmanageable. Gets pretty boring, though if you're not really interested in the subject.
I would avoid this professor. She is nice and has an interest in the subject, but she grades papers on a student's writing style and has awful prompts. Her mandatory weekend museum trips and 3-hour testimony sessions are difficult to fit into busy schedules. Not the greatest pick for a category five requirement.
She is an amazing professor!! Very interesting subject as well. Make sure to take VERY good notes and study those for the midterm and final. I aced both the midterm and final after going over my excellent notes only once before the exams. Get on your TA's good side, he/she does control your grades, but that shouldn't be hard since they are all nice
Sharon is a good professor, eloquent, erudite and personable. However, the course has consistently taken significant amounts of time away from the focus of my major. If you are considering this class understand it is an intense course with *unnecessarily* dense amounts of reading, lectures, and excessively long exam essays that border regurgitation
Very good professor but your entire grade depends on your TA who controls all 4 components your grade.
Well, everyone else has basically said it all.  A really interesting class on a subject that I didn't have much interest in before.  One big term paper, and she gives out potential prompts for the in-class midterms and finals before hand.  A lot of reading, true, but it's not dull. :)
Amazing/interesting class! Even though attendance to the class is not mandatory I recommend you go because she covers a lot. Make sure to take notes because they will help you significantly on the midterm and final! There is a TON of reading so don't get behind. TAs are super helpful & there is one 10 pg paper on comparative genocide. Enjoy!
One of the best teachers in my life. She is so knowledgeable about the topic but is always open to what the students think. Lectures are about as interesting as lectures can be. That said, she covers a lot so you HAVE TO go and take notes. her exams come from lecture mostly, and she gives the possible questions beforehand.
a lot of information and reading...u need to spend quite a few hours outside the class preparing for lectures and discussions...overall a very interesting class and the TA's are amazing (especially Jason)
Fantastic Prof, will do anything to help you get a good grade, class is not that hard, though its alot of reading.
She is well prepared, but her TA's will kill any dream of a passing grade.
No Comments
Really great speaker, tries to make sure you do well, and a very nice person in general. Highly recommend the class.
Very well prepared Films, guest speakers were very helpful. Went beyond obvious stuff about Holocaust.
Most of this class is about the hostory of anti-semistism, and not the holocaust itself. The tests are straightforward and if you prepare there should be no problem.
1280011	Ricardo	Mancera	26
Most confusing math professor I've ever had. Does not explain concepts wellat all. Lectures consist of him basically reading the textbook out loud. Always late to class. Do not recommend.
 Mancera uses Power Point slides -that are essentially abridged examples from the textbook, thus if you hope to gain much from class, dont' count on it. Still, GO TO CLASS EVERYDAY.  Participation is worth 13% of your grade (he counts) and he is more nicely disposed to you if u r a regular On the plus side, his tests are not as hard as the others.
I would not suggest taking his class. His tests are hard and he doesn't curve them.
This man is the worst professor I have ever had. he never looks up he's always talking to the ground. He doesn't even teach you how to solve a problem using the methods from each chapter. I love math, but this man is incapable of teaching the class. He doesn't even teach. He just goes over the powerpoints that come  with the textbook. STAY AWAY!1
Mancera was always late to class and pretty unorganized in explaining concepts. I pretty much learned everything from the textbook. Despite this, his tests were definitely easier than the other 225 classes so it's easy to get an A without really knowing anything.
He was one of the most understanding professors I have had at USC. He works very hard and is willing to put in time. Office hours are incredibly helpful.
great prof
Probably the worst teacher I've ever had. I did pretty well in math back in high school (A in calc 2), but I have no clue what is going on in this class. As a person, he's pretty nice though. Unfortunately, teaching just isn't his strong suit.
Mancera does not teach in a very clear and easy-to-understand way. He often teaches facing the board without looking at his students and doesn't explain the reasoning behind the math. If you take this class, you'll have to rely on the book to learn. Disclaimer: from my experience so far, USC's math teachers aren't very good so maybe Mancera is fine
If you like learning absolutely nothing in class and teaching yourself everything outside of class, then this guy is perfect for you. He doesn't know how to teach anything and I have not thus far experienced a worse teacher than professor mancera. Awful is an understatement.
The professor was not very good at teaching the material. Reading the book and going to SI sessions was much more helpful. Even going to office hours was not very helpful for some of the concepts at the beginning of the course.
A good learning experience.!!
Not the best but not the worst professor. Midterms not hard if you really study and pay attention. Final is hard(that's a given). If you miss class dont worry, he takes 5-10 min in the beginning to review material from last lecture, just dont miss too much. Helpful during office hours. Go to SI. Read the book. Do the hw and you're set!!!
Doesn't do examples in class which would be helpful, lectures usually aren't that necessary to go to. Quizzes and midterms he gives are relatively easy compared to what I hear from other math126 professors. Very understanding and helpful during office hours.
He's not the best but certainly not the worst teacher. He helps his students a lot in office hours
he is downright the worst teacher I have ever had for math. He is really terrible at lecturing, he constantly misses things and students have to remind him that he's doing problems wrong. He writes useless phrases on the board that make no sense. He's terrible in general. AVOID if at ALL possible.
He is horrible at lecturing. Go to SI and read the book. His test are usually like his lecture examples, so you do have to go to class.
Very fair teacher. The class has a lot of difficult concepts, but he provides examples on the board, definitions, and a review to connect the different lessons together. He gives lots of opportunities for points with homework, do-able quizzes, and  a fair midterm. Extremely smart; makes small jokes that can easily be missed but hilarious if caught.
Teaches mostly abstract stuff, and not enough sample problems. I had to teach myself everything from the book.
if you're good at learning from the book then take him because the class isn't that bad, homework is turned in but thats a good thing because its more points, quizzes are fair and the midterm was pretty easy, the final was really hard. if you need a teacher to help you learn then don't take him because he just reads from the book. GO TO MATH CENTER
He is HORRIBLE, period!! U can do better by reading your text book rather than attending his Lecture!
Great teacher! He mentions the material from the previous class each class, so if you miss a few, it's not hard to keep up. He is willing to work with you if your grades slip. Slight accent, but not awful like some others I could name! He teaches using a good mix of theory and examples. Wish I'd taken him for 226 too.
He is a terrible teacher. If you can avoid him, definitely do. He constantly repeats himself in lecture, does not know how to answer questions, and ended up not even teaching us all of the material. No hw, quizzes depend on your TA, and lecture is useless.
By far the easiest Math 218 teacher. Fairly simple weekly quizzes and no mandatory homework.
Great guy, probably the best 218 teacher if you want to get through the class. The tests are fair and he legitimately cares about his students.  However, it's a common final, which is harder than his midterms because the entire department makes it.  Make sure you do well on the midterms and weekly quizzes, they're not bad at all if you study.
Good guy, hard to understand in lecture, not very informative. But he is a really smart guy and very helpful if you can make it to his office hours. No homework is collected, exams are fair
1159089	Sam	Mistrano	26
Mistrano is like none other. His passion for the subject is clear. I had no interest in policy until I was in his class. He is intimidating, honest, and challenging. I was a little scared to participate, but I did and he made me think on a different level than I have before. Great great teacher. He's so funny too. 
I would not be surprised if this guy had a secrete following, he is that cool. He keeps all classes interesting and engaging and explains all the papers so they don't seem like too much work. Very entertaining class, indeed.
Great professor. Glad I was  able to take him. He gave me my love for policy back
If you've ever seen Dead Poet's Society, then you'll understand how Mistrano's students feel about him. There's no one like him. Interesting, real life experiences and case studies tied in, even people who aren't interested in policy will love it by the end.
Mistrano is very passionate about the material he teaches, which makes class engaging and more enjoyable for "micro" focused students. Cusses often, very opinionated. DON'T BE LATE TO CLASS. Fair grader. Hard to get into 2nd sem. since he is a popular professor.
Interesting Professor. He is definitely fun and you'll stay awake in his classes. However, a previous student was correct in saying it won't go well for you if you disagree with him. Not always a super respectful class environment.
Amazing professor, his discussions are at times intense because he brings up strong social issues. Not an easy grader but provides tons of feedback which you can use to improve. He uses case studies and his prior social work to illustrate examples of policy. Thus far, BEST prof I have taken. Not an easy class but you will enjoy!
The best professor that I have taken throughout my college career. He is passionate and knows his stuff and he doesn't take any mess. His classes are always enjoyable and we learn so much. Truly inspiring. It was an honor to take both 534 and 535 with him. You will not be sorry. HE IS THE MAN!!!
By far, MY FAVORITE PROFESSOR!!  He was one of my first professors, and every professor after him seemed dull! I didn't agree with everything he said, but he always got me thinking. Any negative is way outweighed by the positive!  I feel like I will be a better social worker because I took his classes.  He's kinda my first prof. crush!
He tries to keep class interesting. He is very knowledgeable & passionate about what he teaches, and is a hard, but fair grader. His class is one you would want to keep up in, because it's easy to fall behind. He teaches & keeps it moving. Good instructor, but I wouldn't take him again.
Mistrano is divisive. He is very passionate about each topic and puts on a bit of a show each class, making what could be very boring interesting. His presentations are one sided and if you disagree with him it often doesn't go well. If you can hop on his train of thought and ride it out it is a great class and you will learn a lot.
Enjoyed the class.
makes a potentially dull subject very interesting_very willing to stop a lecture if students need clarification
The level of hilarity can not be described. SOOOO very excitied about his topic. I have never met a 500 level professor who uses the word "yo" in his lecures....Participate and use facts and figures in your papers and you will do well....If you are offended easily or dont like to talk in class, do not take Mistrano.
Great professor - wish I still had him. Extremely engaging, makes you want to go to class. Funny. He is not afraid to call you out!
This professor is one of the best professors I've had. High energy and text book is rarely used. His grading is fair and even if you get an A on your paper he will give you a lot of feedback. Attend class and participate! Teaches 534/535.
He is one of the best prof @ USC, he truly inspires and motivates his students and provides SW reality..he likes his students to give their opinion on the daily current events, the papers are easy, just make sure to put numbers to back ur stuff up, lots of data, he likes that otherwise u will not do well. Don't need book.  Takes attendance.
He can come off strong & loud-mouth to some people. He definitely expects participation or else he will call on you, but...he is hilarious!! Pretty clear on what he wants/expects. Is the only prof that can keep me awake the whole class during the evening. Also promotes louder/bolder social workers.
Seriously one of the best professors, very knowledgeable, HILARIOUS, laid back... and he'll call you out on your stuff. He ALWAYS remembers who you are, one of the professors, you need to take him. There is a facebook page dedicated to him: Mistrano is the Man
Mistrano is freaking awesome, I don't know how else to say it. He's tough and doesn't baby his students, but he's great at inspiring you to try harder when thinking critically and writing assignments. Definitely recommend taking him for Policy!
Hate to say it, but he is one of my best professors at USC so far at USC. Cocky SOB, but he knows his stuff.  He utilizes current events and puts a fire in your ass in wanting to advocate; something we need as social workers. If you can get him TAKE HIM.
PTL is great.  He makes the class topic interesting and uses current events to have it all make sense. Engaging and turned what I thought would be boring into a great time.
PTL is the best professor ever!!!! Super easy class but you learn so much!!
Very easy grader, fun fun class despite the boring subject matter.  He makes it interesting!  Don't bother buying the textbooks, you will never use them.
No Comments
PTL Mistrano is amazing.  One of the best professors in this program, he was a former lawyer working with the ACLU, is a housing rights advocate, and is very passionate about his work.  I would take any classes he teaches.
34378	Eugene	Cooper	25
Absolutely horrible.No clarity, tests are subjectively graded. Does not teach anything that you cannot look up on the Internet. He does not have an all inclusive active discussion with class.
Probably the worst class I've taken yet. Was told to "Shut up" when discussing a test grade in his office - that was a first. Also got docked on the research paper for doing too much research - another first. Overall, a poor experience in an overly complicated GE
WORST THING IVE EVER BEEN THROUGH. consider dropping college before considering taking ANTH 100g,
horrible
HORRIBLE! 2 texts books! quizzes every week(from TA who is awful at explaining things). As a GE the amount of work required is ridiculous!2 OTHER BOOKS to read for 10 page term paper! it was hell on earth! DON'T TAKE IT if your major is more important to you! lectures are interesting but when you add on the work it becomes so painful! REGRET IT
2 textbooks, weekly reading with quizzes to make sure u read. a huge term paper where u have to read another 2 books. For a GE he expects WAY TOO MUCH!! its crazy! Don't take it if ur really busy with ur major...cause u cant get away with not reading. I regret is so much!
It's not impossible to get an A (I got one), but you do have to attend lecture, take good notes, and actually DO the reading! Nice professor if you try talking to him. The grading is split between him, the TA, and another grader. Easy midterm / final and 1 term paper.
It is useless to go to lectures. Just go to your TA sessions. It's not even necessary to read all the books. Just skim them to get the main idea and use quotes to write the essays.
Don't recommend unless you're really into anthro (ie don't just take this to get a Cat2 GE out of the way.) Hard grader, boring as hell, I had a few discussion sessond that were interesting, but it had very high expectations for a GE. I wish I had chosen something else.
grade is based on 3 papers based only on the reading. There are 7 ethnographic books total. Lectures are boing, unnecessary, and hardly anyone shows up. Cooper is a little insane. This class kind of killed my passion for E Asia, but you learn a lot by writing the papers. Mainly learn about JPN, CHN, and KOR rural life and then industrialization.
Though he is funny and entertaining, he is a super hard grader and simply reads from notes from the past however many years he has been teaching. There is a ton of reading and a reading quiz every week as well as a huge term paper where you need read 2 books to write on. I would not recommend this class. Impossible to get an A.
So boring.  No one shows up to lecture and I don't even read the books.  It's a lot of reading, so in my opinion, you can either go to lecture and not read (he summarizes a lot), or read and not go to lecture.  3 essays making up 1/3 of your grade each, each graded by a different TA.  I don't recommend this unless you love asian history.
If you take the class pass/fail you'll be fine, but it's nearly impossible to get an A unless you do all the reading/attend all of the lectures (which no one does because he's boring/assigns too much reading)
Will never listen to students because he thinks very highly of himself. Never ever correct him or make suggestions to him, because he does not take it well. There's no need to ever go to class unless it's about midterm topics, just read the book carefully and you'll do just as well.
I like him. A funny and nice guy.
This is a professor stuck in his ways, reading off of the same notes in class for years and years. Even in a class with less than 10 people, he did not encourage class discussion. UNFAIR and HARD grader, boring, and very stubborn--not open to other's opinions at all. Avoid him.
This Columbia Grad is very deep and interesting...although the lectures are a bit long.  I would listen to him for a long time.
The material is easy, but very, very  hard grader.
not very clear with the course material...did not make the class very interesting...not much group discussion ....really boring
he's an interesting character, but a hard grader esp when the midterm + final are 30% each!
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
God among men
No Comments
683669	Ken	Sereno	25
Ken is a nice and funny professor. He always makes jokes in the class. 
Ken is amazing  Easy class and Easy A
Dr. Sereno is really cool! His lectures are amazing and he hosts three social events throughout the semester to get to know the students better.  He is also very helpful and approachable, so If you ever have any questions, don't hesitate to ask. You can also go to the study sessions to help prepare for the exams. Overall, highly recommend! 
Love Ken so much !! you'll regret it if you don't take this class!
Really easy class. Lots of common sense/memorizing. You have to attend lectures because his ppts are missing some parts he puts up during class. Don't have to pay too much attention to get a good grade. TAs grade and from what I've heard all are pretty fair. Textbook material is only brought up on random mult choice Qs so you can skim.
Ken is awesome! take this class it was one of my first at USC. Its a lot of memorizing, but they are pretty easy concepts. Good Luck!
He's a nice enough person but he dismisses questions and doesn't give answers. It is as if he doesn't understand what you are asking. Easy enough class-- just memorization but gets tedious because its the same week after week.
ken is such a sweetheart. very easy class, not the most interesting but it's def the easiest lower-division. ken is very straightforward and clear. always tells jokes to keep class entertained. Easy A.
class was very interesting and an easy A. I would recommend memorizing every word from the lecture notes manual (guarantee A). everything you must know for the exams are there. 4 exams, including final, which covers only last 2 chapters. theres a major paper due near the end of the semester (easy, all in the lecture notes, includes some research.)
I agree with the previous post. Dr. Sereno is indeed very helpful. However, having the right TA is CRUCIAL to getting an A. Some TAs will grade much harder than others. Some of them will not give you credit on a test unless you rewrite the notes verbatim, which means you literally have to memorize EVERY WORD in the reader. Hope this helps!
Dr. Sereno is an enthusiastic and energetic teacher. He knows what he is talking about and he loves his job as well as USC. Having the right TA will make or break your grade. Some TA's are a lot harder than others but they are all very helpful and welcome students during their office hours. Ken wants to know his students too.
It is a easy and fun class
Prof. Sereno is extremely clear and helpful. He goes above and beyond to ensure that everyone understands theories before moving on to the next topic. Be careful in choosing your TA though.
Prof. Sereno is a great professor.  He is interested in his students success and is enthusiastic to help.
Really manageable introductory class to communication. He teaches it well and his TA's tend to be extremely helpful. In my opinion though, the content itself didn't interest me. If you want an A just make sure you have at least one cursory reading of the book chapter and look over your in-class notes in detail. You have midterms, a final, and paper
Great professor! I learned so much from this class. Keep in the mind that the information presented seems easy but you need to put a little effort when studying to get an A. Highly recommend.
really good professor plus the class is an easy A with very little effort required
Very clear, very sweet, and he made an effort to keep class fun and interesting with video clips and personal stories.
He is a good teacher. Very clear on explaining the material to students. Exams are straight-forward. As long as you put in the minimal effort, an A won't be a problem. He is good as a teacher, but his personally is actually disgusting. The kind, sweet grandpa thing he has going on is obviously a complete facade, you'll know if you talk to him.
Sereno is one of the BEST profs I have EVER had. I HIGHLY recommend him. He is kind, understanding, funny, passionate, easy to understand, and knowledgeable. This class convinced me to major in COMM. Everyone should take COMM 200, because he is wonderful AND because you learn very interesting, applicable things! He's AMAZING! TAKE HIM!!!
AMAZING professor. changed the way i think about communication. loved the class enough to major in it. he is easy, crystal clear when he talks, and makes the class not only interesting, but also enjoyable. GOING TO LECTURE IS MANDATORY. exams are relatively thorough and long. But I HIGHLY recommend this class!
Sweetest guy ever plus he is incredibly knowledgeable and brilliant! It was a pleasure being in his class.
Sereno is not only interesting, but extremely kind and interested in his students. He gives out his slides with fill-in-the-blanks so you must come to class. This class is easy if you attend and study for the tests. There is one straightforward paper. He tells many jokes and is genuinely the nicest, most caring teacher I have ever met.
this class is just memorizing theories and knowing how they relate to e/o. 4 tests, all very straightforward. class is pretty boring.
I really enjoyed this class w/Mr. Sereno! He's a great teacher, very in depth. Encourages students to meet with him and introduce themselves. Kept the class interesting by throwing in some UCLA jokes in between lecture. I recommend everyone to take this class w/him!
671868	Russ	Mangum	25
Awesome professor! Funny and nice, helps students understand grading. If you dont understand something double check with the textbook, but his slides usually do the trick! highly recommend
He is a good speaker and about as interesting to listen to as possible given the material. He has a lot of experience testifying in courts and stuff so he can give personal anecdotes to back up info in lectures. Teaches directly from the book. Your TAs help immensely explaining stuff and reinforcing the material. Overall, a good class.
Mangum is a great speaker, but his lectures are not useful. He teaches by the book. All of the tests are from the book's website. And he doesn't really add anything... It was nice that everything was so straightforward (there were never any surprises on the tests), but disappointing that the real TEACHING was done by TAs...
He is a tough grader. if you made mathematical errors, you will not get partial points. Be sure to state the rule/equation you are using to get some points in case your answer is wrong. tough exams, personable professor.
He's a nice guy and his lectures are sort of helpful (theyre just textbook slides). His quizzes are easy and so is the homework. But god his tests are insane - much more difficult than anything he gives you in class. Its such a pain.
Mangum is a part-time prof that also works in an economic consulting firm, so he brought real life experience to class. You either need to read the textbook or go to class, but not both because lectures are just review of the textbook slides. Tests were hard but manageable if you did the homework, and I got an A on all of them with the curve.
lectures are the same as textbook. but the tests and quizzes are generally easy. My TA session is extremely helpful.
Really good and funny speaker - in the beginning I would go just to hear his funny stories. I hated the subject matter though, so by the end even his oratory skills couldn't keep me in class. His exams are also really hard, but if you put in the effort and like econ, I would take it with Mangum. He really does know his stuff.
the most boring lectures you will ever hear, learned nothing from them because could not focus at all. tests are harder than he treats the material.
Take someone else
Mangum is a knowledgeable professor, and he's pretty entertaining during lecture.  I only wish he would stay on topic; tangents are fun but irrelevant when you know your tests are going to be really difficult and the grades are generally not curved.  You learn as much from the book as from lecture (if not more).  Only caveat: tests are crazy hard.
Goes of topic, gives 2 midterms and a final, Do urself a favour and take someone else
Good teacher but gives way too much work. He takes his class too seriously, exams are extremely difficult and detailed.
I thought he was a good econ prof untl i realized the amount of work he gave in comparison to the other prof.... weekly homework assignments and quizs + 2 midterms and a final ( not teh objective kind, very detailed) while the other prof had multiple choice. if u have an option DONOT take him
Good professor but my TA was not helpful. The tests are challenging. Not enough time is given on exams so you really have to know all the concepts by heart to get an A. The final exam was almost impossible to finish ... 2 hours with 16 pages. Yikes. Also, he's not a full time professor so it's hard to reach him for help. Good luck.
Good professor but my TA was not helpful. The tests are challenging. Not enough time is given on exams so you really have to know all the concepts by heart to get an A. The final exam was almost impossible to finish ... 2 hours with 16 pages. Yikes. Also, he's not a full time professor so it's hard to reach him for help. Good luck.
He's really helpful and knowledgeable.  He has a lot of experience in the field and is more than willing to share what je knows.  Hes really enthusiastic about teaching.  He wants his students to do well.  Definitely take him instead of Al Sabea.
the professor looks for SPECIFIC answers on his short answer exams. leaving the smallest this out is sometimes critical. while this can easily get frustrating, still a really great guy. lectures clear most confusion and if they don't, he's willing to help after class. TA sections are helpful as well. try to get the &quot;main&quot; TA and you should be fine.
Although class is not mandatory, it is in your benefit to go.  He clarifies the hardest concepts in 203, the graphs.
He's a great teacher...when hes there, he can't help it he has another job, he knows his stuff and makes it fun.  If the head T.A. Tim however is teaching when russ is gone, just pick up your stuff and leave, he is horrible and really ruined the class for me, anybody can just read answers out of a textbook, russ is good, just hope hes there.
He is definitely the person to take Microecon from. People from  the other teachers' classes would come just to hear him explain. The class is easy if you put in minimal effort. Going to lecture is optional as he posts all his notes online
Very good professor.  Gives funny/appropriate examples for different concepts that he teaches.  As long as you do your homework, you can get an A.
This guy is not even a full prof but full of himself, I hate when SC hires these guys to teach the introductory classes instead of asking full time professors to do it. Why am I paying the huge tuition for&#63; Dropped the class after one week. Take al sabea instead, at least he's funny!
He is a very interesting professor, he actually makes you want to come to class because during his lecture he brings in aspects from his life and it's hilarious. He is also extremely knowledgeable about everything he is teaching. Always willing to help a student out.
No Comments
1280034	Shahin	Nazarian	25
Definitely one of the most popular Professors in the EE department. Enjoyed his class!
Extremly helpful. Goes straight to the subject, and his explanations really make the subject matter easier to understand. However, you'll work a lot, specially on the labs and final project. Be warned!
He is a very nice professor that not only helps you with the course but also gives you advice on career. Also he's generous on our grades.
Professor Nazarian is one of the best teachers who taught me. His style of teaching makes the concept learning process very easy. I realized this during my interview, where I was asked deeply conceptual questions, but with good training and guidance I was able to make a good impression. Thanks to his efforts which made digital VLSI an easy subject
Professor NAzarian cares about his students and is a very good professor who teaches with clarity. He is very helpful during his office hours and gives a good project to do as well. I highly recommend this Prof as he is one of the best at USC.
The only professor who cares about student's welfare at USC.
very nice and helpful professor
Wonderful class and professor. Was working part-time and very busy, nearly done with school and he was very willing to work with me and adjust my course load to fit my schedule. Was in he class on-site, but watched lectures through DEN. Compared to monster EE courses (454, 459) tests are easy and taken from lecture material. TAKE THIS CLASS.
He understands student needs very well. His course will be hectic but he extends deadlines if you ask. His exams are tough but he gives practice set problems to practice.
He is the NICEST professor ever. He gives a really high curve for the class, is always available for help, and gives very clear instructions on what is going to be on the midterms.
Loved his teaching!
super talented, caring, he is the best
Nice, young, lively, knowledgeable professor. Helpful and understanding. Lectures are fun. Homeworks aren't too hard but can be time consuming. Programming assignment can be a pain.
Super smart, very open-minded, very fun lectures!  Exams and the final project were challenging, though.
Professor Nazarian cares a lot about his students. Students can call his cellphone any time and he remembers his students by name! Fantastic teaching skills. Exams are a bit tough, but grading is fair. The best Professor I have had at USC.
It's hard to give a truthful review because this guy bribes you with a really nice curve. His lectures are incredibly boring (though the material is interesting) and his accent makes it worse. The homework assignments and exams severely lack clarity and there are constant mistakes. He's a really nice guy and very helpful but it can be frustrating.
great professor! very helpful!
Very open-minded professor. You can discuss anything with him. Also he explains things in a detailed way. You can easily understand difficult concepts. One of the best professors in USC!
Dr. Nazarian explains the concepts very clearly. The lectures are fun! he has remarkable teaching skills.
The best professor! I am very happy to take course with him. He teaches great and cares about his students very much. He is always there for you. And he provides his cell phone number to his students! So that we can find him whenever we have questions. That is not every professor could do! Feel so lucky to take his course.
An excellent professor. Always there for his students. Completely flexible with his deadlines and stuff. cares about other course too. highly recomended
He is the BEST!
One of the best teachers I have ever had.  Extremely knowledgeable, very enthusiastic about teaching and helping students. He has great vision, goes beyond course requirements. focuses on concepts and. Applies his industrial experience with lotsa ex..  very carin' patient w students!  I highly recommend taking a course with him while you are at USC
Very helpful, likes to make sure he is available to his students.  Needs to improve on lecture methods though and not go off on a tangent ALL THE TIME.  VERY easy grader.  With a completely wrong answer, you can still get 90% of the points for a question.
He is a really nice guy and goes way out of his way to make sure you know whats going on. he even gives out his cell number. VERY forgiving grader
26009	Elinor	Accampo	25
She wasn't bad. A lot of boring readings but some of it I actually enjoyed. I kind of liked the lectures and discussion sections (especially the TA Robbie, he's awesome). The essays were difficult but she gave us great study guides for the exams which were useful. If I didn't like history a lot already the class probably would've been a lot harder.
Professor Accampo may know a lot (especially about French History good Lord) but she has the worst way of communicating it and her power points are disorganized and all over the place. She doesn't teach the course with a textbook, so you have to go use the library's few copies to study for anything. I'm a history major and I disliked the class
Professor Accampo's great: she's so smart, and her explanation of French history goes way deeper than just "what happened". Great class if you like philosophy, law, or gender studies as well. She's a tough grader, but it's not impossible to get As, and you'll want to impress her. She's a really sweet person in general.
Only take her for a class about France. Prof Accampo isn't bad at all, but she's incredibly one sided. She specializes in French history and always brings everything back to her area of expertise. We'd talk about other things, but never as much as France.
Unfortunately I have to agree with the previous reviewers. She was nice enough but too insecure to say anything interesting. Not good for TO.
I’m going to give her the benefit of the doubt and say she’s smart and just can’t express herself at all. But it really, really seemed like she had no idea what she was talking about. Once students realized she couldn’t answer any of our questions, lecture became see-if-we-can-refute-everything-she-says. Class was painful to sit through.
Decent professor. Really passionate about France- culture and history. Very knowledgeable.Can get boring at times. Lots of awkward silences but makes a good effort to keep it lively. Assigns interesting texts using first hand narrative books to teach history is great! Not too much work in class. 2 papers, 1 midterm non mult. choice, take home final
Accampo is a good professor with very high expectations, as were her TAs. Complete all of the readings, especially for discussion sections. My TA was a tough grader but was always there to help. Try to make it to and participate in all discussion sections or your grade may be affected! Difficult GE course, but the subject matter was interesting!
The textbook she uses doesn't explain Fr history in chronological order, so it's difficult to follow, even if you're familiar with it. BC she knows so much, she starts tangents: hard to keep events/years straight. Very knowledgeable. Writing heavy. Very hard grader. I was the only 1 to participate freq & do reading, wrote all A papers, still got B+
Prof Accampo has high standards for grading (95% required for an A) but using the reading and course time to go in depth in the material. She cares deeply for the learning of her students and is always there to offer guidence when asked.
Excellent professor! Extremely knowledgeable about the subject matter. It's not that difficult to get a good grade as long as you complete ALL the readings. Overall, I have learned more from Prof Accampo in 1 semester than 2 years of AP history classes in High School. Great course!
Hard but is knowledgeable about France for sure. The class is a bit all over the place. Needs to stop using Popkin textbook which makes it very hard to follow the course of history.
Very smart, kind professor.  Class was tough (like most TO classes), but very interesting.
Accampo, like most History buffs, is extremely knowledgable about EVERYTHING that is history. This is only a problem if you are taking this as a GE, in which case you must be sure to read all the required readings and become the classic suck up or take the class Pass/Fail and hope for the best.
I'm not convinced she knows there's life outside of France
No Comments
No Comments
So far so Good.
No Comments
shes extremely interested in her field of expertise and tries to make it enjoyable for the entire class...the subject matter can be boring at times, but all in all, as long as u do the work you'll be fine.
lovely person who is so interested in the subject, that you can't help but be interested in it too
No Comments
Monotonous voice, couldn't stay awake.
Insightful.
beautiful and brilliant
610942	George	Hayden	25
So boring, it's insane. While he may be knowledgeable, he has poor delivery skills. The TAs do everything for you though - summarize lectures, create study guides for you, etc. 2 papers, 1 midterm, and 1 final. You can write the paperscram info for tests the night before and you'll be fine. Also, you don't need to buy the books. Waste of money.
tough professor, worst one I ever saw in USC. DONT TAKE HIS CLASS. 
Extremely passionate about what he teaches, even though he can be boring if you aren't interested in the subject. Two papers, two exams. Easy if you go to lectures. You don't need to read the textbook if you go to his lectures, he literally explains everything in full detail. 
Extremely ERUDITE! very knowledgable. if you are truly interested in China, its history, peoples, philosophy and culture you will be blown away by the depth of his understanding. Amazing Professor.
Monotone voice and no powerpoints but if you take notes on everything he says, it's an easy class. Two papers, two midterms, one final. All tests are essays and he tells you exactly what's on them. Papers don't require any research. Easy A if you take good notes in class.
Like everyone says, lectures suck. But it's all about the TA you get. I got Keisha and she was by far the hardest grader. Other TA's give out extra credit and grade very easily, but Keisha made us do all of the work in discussion and offered no help at all. If you take this, get any TA beside her.
If you can sit through a boring lecture, then you'll probably do fine in this class. He straight lectures for the entire class, doesn't use any visual aids and never asks questions. It's really hard to pay attention. Attendance in mandatory in lecture and discussion. You don't need to read the book if you can pay attention to him
So boring! Couldn't sit through his drones (lecture). Honestly, I never really paid attention, skimmed through the readings and I did just fine on papers (B and A-). Attendance is taken, but just sign up and leave. Show up for discussion to get those points. Not hard, but SOOOO BORING!!!
He is so dry and awfully uninspiring. Do your best to listen to "lecture" and you can get by easily. Don't even really bother with reading, unless you miss a lot of classes. So, either come to class and suffer his boring lecture, or suffer through the readings. Lose-lose. This is the class to use your P/NP. You'll thank me.
HORRIBLE! Boring and rambly. I didn't have any fun at all. Hayden's is actually the first class I ever skipped. Totally not worth buying the hundreds of bucks worth of textbooks on his syllabus.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. He is a monotone professor and does not expect any feedback from students. It is impossible for ANYONE to follow his lectures. If you enjoy reading, taking notes and writing, it is not a tough class...GOOD LUCK!
Hayden might be the most boring man alive and I'm not joking. You can kind of tell he enjoys his subject, but just by blind intuition, since his face and voice never change while he lectures. Attendance is "mandatory", but everyone just signs in and leaves. Not too hard--lots of reading that I never did. But don't take this class. It's horrible.
Good introduction to Chinese literature. He knows the material very well. Midterms and Finals are all essays, but the topics are not very hard if you attend lectures
He just lectures the whole time during class and they are mostly boring.  TA grades all your work. Class is graded on a curve now so only a certain % can get an A, B, C, etc. Totally unnecessary for a GE class, and I'd avoid taking it for this reason. For the quality of work I gave this class, getting a B is a joke. Keep the curves at Marshall.
I took him because all my friends who took him said he's an easy A. Apprently NOT. TA told us that he got mad that too many people got an A last semester and that only a certain number of people per discussion (say 2-3) would get an A. I'm a 3.55
Extremely boring, grades very hard. Went to see him in office hours, and he was absolutely no help. Rambles a lot, very unapproachable, obviously cares nothing for his students. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH THIS PROFESSOR.
Worst!!!! Don't take this class. He never interacts with students and leaves the classroom asap after lectures. He gave really harsh scores on Papers. In total, 2 midterms, 2 papers and 1 final. Lots to read...lots to work on..
Spare yourself & do not take this class with Hayden. In all fairness, he seems like a really nice guy, but he is incredibly boring. I found it absolutely impossible to pay attention in class. But if you do, you won't need to do the readings because he pretty much tells you everything you need to know. Grade is TA-based.
Easiest class ever. Honestly, there could not be a more boring professor, but as long as you attend the lectures, you will get a good grade. I never read once and attended the majority of the lectures and got a solid A. He tells you the exact questions he will ask for the midterm and final. Although boring, I highly recommend it for an easy A
The class is boring to almost an incomprehensible level. You will gain nothing out of the class. There is definitely a better GE to take for this category.
Two exams total, including final. Two papers. EASY GE. No reading necessary if you can stay awake and take good notes in class. He's a REALLY NICE guy although his lectures are quite dull. Great man. He's quite traditional. If you like Asian history, take this class!
SOOO BORING. Hayden is monotonous, drone, and uninteresting. TA's do all the grading.  Michael Day, the good TA, compiles a pretty solid study guide. Tests are essay format, Michael's a pretty easy grader.  Easy 'A'.
Hayden is the most boring teacher in the world, that being said if you don't get an A in Chinese Literature and Culture there is something wrong with you.  I never went to this class with mandatory attendence and I got an A-
a super boring class. grades not curved. u can probably be garanteed a B at least, but if you want A , this is not the &quot; easy class' u looking for.
an okay class. NOT a hard class; he's boring but you can either 1) go to class and take down all the notes and not read the texts or 2) read and outline the readings (not hard) and not go to class...either done well will earn you an A...nice guy. hayden's booring! stay awake if you go to class
610941	Douglas	Becker	25
Does not provide any presentation material, so you must rely purely on his lectures in class. This is the 2nd class I've taken with him, and I'm sensing a pattern. YOU MUST READ TO PASS. My God there's so much reading.  Weekly quizzes will force you to read also. Tests are essay formatted. Confused? No problem. Easily accessible, and there for you.
You had better like to read, because there's 200-300 pages of reading a week and detailed reading quizzes every week. The lectures are long and he rarely has any presentation material (powerpoint, images) so it's very easy to zone out and wake back up 20 minutes later. Tough grader, but good intentions. Very willing to help if you ask for it.
Lectures are messy and boring! His assignments are confusing! I went to other IR professors asking for help, and when I showed them the "prompt" questions they were confused as well and told me that those questions were poorly formulated. Tons of readings, and you have to read EVERYTHING if you want to stand a chance on the midterm and final.
This is a required class for IR majors. I apologize in advance. The topics are interesting but figuring out what relates to the course, the papers, and the exams is impossible. Becker stops in the middle of sentences and makes it impossible to take notes. You know it's real when the smartest kid in class is on Facebook.
Professor Becker is definitely knowledgable about the subjects he's teaching; if you ever go to his office hours you will be shocked by the amounts of books he read.. Anyways, I'd suggest you take it if you know the subjects well prior to the class or you are willing to battle with lots of readings. Not recommend for anyone new to IR.
Becker is a really nice guy, but not a very good professor. His lectures have no organization, and he even sometimes teaches misinformation. He grades pretty hard on papers, and his exams test you on extremely random bits of information requiring you to memorize endless pointless facts. Overall, 367 is an interesting class, just a poor professor.
If you want a class that is a waste of your money and time, take IR 383 with Becker. 5 essays, a midterm and a final. You will do amazing on papers, and bomb the tests. During class there is no structure, and his midterm and final consist of questions that are so random and so far reaching, there is no way for you to study the right information.
I'm not an IR major and prior to this class I was totally uninformed about what's going on in the world. Now I not only know the history and details of fascinating modern issues but I want to follow the news to see how they get resolved. Becker's not a lecturer, he's a storyteller. One of those rare professors who turns pedagogy into an art form.
Becker is a great prof who is passionate about what he teaches.  The topics covered are current and relevant.. he even deviated from the syllabus to discuss the revolutions in Africa during the time. Visit him in office hours, he always has great stories and tips on how to do well in his class. Must take this class if you're an IR student
Becker is definately one of the worst professors I have ever had. Although I did great in his class, the structure itself was honestly a mess. He goes off in his lectures and decides that his subjective beliefs are more important than a non-objective approach. Nice person, horrible professor.
Great professor who really really knows his stuff. Really methods-based class, so although the content wasn't my favorite, he made the class bearable. Do the extra credit and attend lectures. Never did the reading and I still ended up with an A-. His office hours are also really helpful.
Professor Becker is one of the best professors I've had at SC. He makes his lectures interesting and hes very straight forwards with his assignments. I really recommend him!
Professor Becker is great. He is not the lecturing type, but that doesnt mean that you dont learn a lot in his class. You learn by your own participation and by doing the reading. He believes that students do not learn by being spoonfed. Kind of a hard grader but worth it
Do all the homework to save your grade! Most of the classes were negotiation seminars and he didn't teach much. Lack of lectures so that the students were not sure what was going to be on the exam.
one of the best professors ive ever had
Simply amazing. He is the kind of professor you need to have in college to make you feel that the ridiculous amount of money you spend for tuition is worth the education you are getting. Go to class if you wanna do well.
He is a great teacher, you will love his class! He is the only teacher at SC who will truly engage you in the material even if it's not your major! attendance is not mandatory but almost everything is from the notes, you do have to read several books but he gives you books that are really worth it, he always listens and helps whenever you need it.
becker is a great lecturer, very engaging and ineresting. he knows absolutely everything about everything. go to office hours, it helps a lot! while this class is challenging at some points, becker is a fair grader. studying for the midterms may be overwhelming, but do not turn out to be that hard. becker is so worht it! take the class!
AMAZING! If you get a chance to take a class from him take it. His lectures are super engaging and he likes class participation. He grades fairly but it's not a blow off class. He really gets you to think and respond and he's worth trying to move your classes around to take a class from him
AMAZING TEACHER + CLASS! I definitely suggest taking it as one of the peace/conflict studies concentration classes. It only meets once a week, so you have to go and it's long, and the class is pretty small so his format of simulated conflicts if very effective. GREAT TEACHER OVERALL but lots of reading- although a lot of people dont do it
Prof Becker is worth every dollar I pay at USC. The best teacher i ever had
GREAT professor!  He's a great lecturer.  Keeps your interest.  Some of the readings are hard, but he does a pretty good job of clarifying them in the lectures.  But you HAVE to do the reading still.  If you want to be challaged to think, take this class.  He's awesome!
This is the best lecturer I've ever had.He's amazing as a teacher and very helpful.He is genuinely interested in what you have to say and in helping you along if you don't understand.The readings are hard and his lectures clarify them so much.This class is awesome.I never miss it and I will take any course he offers.
He's insanely interesting and his lectures are so informative you'll have hand cramps trying to write it all down or type it all on your laptop. I'm constantly fascinated by his wealth of information and his approach. He relies a lot on participation to advance theories in lecture and asks a lot of theoretical questions. However, any questions you have he's quick to answer. He is slow with email, but that's to be expected by most professors. VERY EXCITING AND INFORMATIVE CLASS.
greaaaat prof! Excited, demanding, encouraging, inquisitive, amusing, insightful, always is instructing you; you feel like you're on an intellectual pursuit together, not like he's leading you by the hand like so many profs...enjoy his classes, he's a treat =)
1129012	Bob	Girandola	25
This class does not use the book. It's all based on lectures, so I'd highly recommend going to class. The tests are based off the slides and what he says in class so remembering a few key points from what he verbally says is important. Lab is also factored in greatly! Had to work for my grade. Not the best GE, but it was interesting. 
Bob is the best! The freshman seminar is super easy and actually on an interesting topic. The class is passfail based on attendance, but he usually let us out of class early. He likes to joke around and his sarcasm is hilarious. The "presentations" were really just talking to the class for 5 minutes. Super low key. Take this class!
He is a knowledgable professor but chooses test questions randomly and relies very little on the notes he provides his students with in class. It is mandatory to attend his lectures to get a good grade in this class. I got an A- in BISC-220 and a B- in this class.
He clearly knows a lot about fitness and nutrition, and he has a lot of cool stories too. But his class notes are really haphazard and it seems like he focuses on random things he likes. The tests require you to memorize very specific random facts. If you go to lecture and study your notes religious, you can do well.
Really easy class if you go to lecture and take notes. Girandola is generally a nice guy but seemed grumpy at times. Labs are a joke
Really easy freshman seminar. 2 really short presentations that take maybe 30 minutes to prepare. No test. Interesting health, diet, and exercise information. Option for water weighing at end was really cool.
very interesting guy. Tests weren't hard but required memorization of specific things. Good and interesting GE to take
Professor is a bit outdated but seems pretty knowledgeable about nutrition. The worst thing about the class are the tests. Its mostly focused on memorizing very specific details and facts which gets pretty frustrating
Horrible professor! Interesting subject, made boring by professor. In lectures he goes way too fast, does not stop or take questions. He gives bad advice in office hours. Not helpful, not approachable, not smart, and not nice.
From a student who attends every lecture and lab: *THIS TEACHER IS MORONIC!* The tests are unfair! If you want an "A" don't take this class (it's pure luck to do well). Other than that... I get 100% on every lab assignment and the semester project is fairly straightforward and easy.
I thought he was an excellent professor! I could care less about kinesiology before I took this class but he tells you some really cool stuff about your body and how to get the most out of it. Class is easy as long as you take good notes because he doesn't use a text book. I would highly recommend it!
Have to take really good notes and pay attention to specific details to do well on the two midterms. The labs are very fun and hands-on, depends on how harsh your grader is or the TA on those lab reports. His lectures aren't the best, but keeps you interested.
Terrible lecturer and terrible class. The exams tested mostly on whether you memorized random details, and the lectures were completely unorganized. It's easy to do well if you have a perfect memory or take really good notes though. I understand all the concepts, but he wastes too much time focusing on numbers and equations that we'll later forget.
This is the most interesting class that I've ever taken. If you can manage to go to class, you'll never be bored. Going to class isn't mandatory, but those who go and take good notes are at a huge advantage for the exams. All exams are multiple choice. Hard work will get you an A. Mediocre effort will get you a B.
I took this class last semester. WAY harder than expected. He writes on the chalkboard and his handwriting is hard to read. Don't expect to get an A if you don't like going to class. You pretty much have to write down everything he says and study those notes for the midterms and finals. I thought I did well one the midterms but I got C's.
i hated this class. class is so boring. he made everything 10 times harder than it shoulda have been. if it werent for the lab section, half the class woula gotten d's. i took it pass no pass and barley survived the class
Interesting and applicable class. However, it was harder than expected. Make sure you take good notes and pay attention to % or #?s he says in class. He will test you on minute details. First Exam is the hardest. 3 tests=non cumulative=25% each (avg: 68%); 25% for lab. Its easy to get a B or B+, but difficult to get an A (unless you do JEP).
To do well in the class take good notes and study hard a few days before the exam. The professor himself is not too great, so don't rely on office hours to get help.
Don't fall for this guy's trap... his expectations are WAY too high for a GE... i'm a science major struggling for a B+... should have just done geology, lol.
i really enjoyed Girandola.  the class is straightforward and right from the notes. take good notes, and have notes from every lecture, and this class is a breeze!
Girandola is incredibly rude. I asked him very politely about my final grade, which he miscalculated, but he literally wrote how it ceases to amaze him how much students cannot calculate grades, and that I was very fortunate to get the grade that I got.I attended every lecture and took notes, but his tests did not reflect any of the notes! Terrible
The average score on his tests (3) were about 70%. So, I guess he gave a lot of C's. I simply took notes every class and studied the night before the tests and got an A. The lab portion is 25% of your grade- really awesome labs, but the work here is tedious. Overall fun class- all of the famous athletes were in the class
Contrary to what others have said i found the professor to be really difficult to work with. I went to his office hours and he actually got visibly angry when I needed clarification on certain topics. I wouldn't recommend this class to anyone.
No need to buy the book. Tests are fairly straightforward and easy as long as you always attend lecture. Very knowledgeable and approachable. Tries to keep the class funny and entertaining. Great GE class, take this class if you get the chance. Labs were okay, my TA was strict and difficult to get along with. Labs do not alway coincide with lecture
I hate science of any kind but the class I had with Girandola, &quot;the science of human performance.&quot; was actually fun. He lets you out early all the time tells jokes and tries to keep all the confusing stuff out of it for you. Great GE class!
705377	Daniel	Tiffany	25
The only reason the class has a wait-list is because the interesting titledescription lures in unsuspecting freshman who don't know about the course's reputation. He writes 1-2 page writing prompts but they still are incredibly unclear and redundant. His attitude can be incredibly patronizing at times, especially when seeking help.
The class isn't that much work on a day to day basis. We basically only write 3 to 4 papers. Here's the catch- he's super confusing and specific about what he wants in the papers. However he'll help you develop your paper in office hours. Also, in class we watch some good interesting movies, but caution he'll talk for hours about them. 
I actually really enjoy this class. It is my favorite class this semester. At first I did think he was very pompous and patronizing, but he's actually very smart and wants to hear what you say. We watch really interesting movies and the work is really easy.I think you just have to tune in to what he wants.
All of these reviews are awful! These people probably either failed or got yelled at because they were not paying attention. This is a very popular class with a long wait list. Very light workload, and if you're willing to learn you'll do fine. I suggest you read Tiffany's feedback on the professor feedback tab before making any rash decisions.
I always choose GEs that sound interesting, regardless of their relation to my major and have generally ended up in great classes for each GE... Except this one. The class sounds interesting, but the professor is so incredibly full of himself and difficult and the chosen content is so boring that the class is actually horrendously boring. Beware.
Awful! His lectures consist of him rambling in front of the class for an hour. He isn't consistently at his office hours. He is completely unclear about grading criteria. There are way better Arts and Letters GEs don't take this one.
Tiffany refuses to entertain any opinion other than one that validates or builds on his interpretation.  His instructions for projects and essays are very confusing even though he tries to articulate what he wants.  Because he has read so many philosophical texts, he uses language that is hard understand in his prompts.
This class during summer was super easy. There were four 2 page papers, and as long as you said something every once and a while you got participation credit. Tiffany was actually super nice although he did like to talk a looot.
You guys are being hard on him. He's a nice guy and yeah he likes to talk but just sit and listen or check your phone or whatever. Attendance is important he likes students to participate, just say anything when you're asked a question. He's not gonna bite you. A bit of a harder grader but hey what do u expect from someone with a phd
He definitely likes to hear himself talk and will probably interrupt you 95% percent of when you speak up in class, but participation is a MUST--it is 20% of your grade. The essays aren't too difficult, but the class topic is confusing. If you participate and try moderately hard on the essays you should get a good grade.
This was my least favorite class I have taken at USC. He is incredibly confusing and so rude. He doesn't grade fairly and completely lacks the ability to convey a thought. I absolutely dreaded going to this class and would not recommend it to anyone.
Tiffany is one of the most confusing, unhelpful, and difficult professors I have ever taken a class with. "On Beauty" is the class that I am taking and although the class is very interesting, he is very bad at fostering effective and intriguing discussion. This is ironic because he places so much emphasis on participation. Bottom line, Bad teacher.
This class was not as interesting as I had hoped it would be.  I credit this to Tiffany's teaching ability.  He likes the sound of his own voice and rambles.  He is also condescending and picks on people who he doesn't think participate enough.  Nevertheless this is a pretty easy class to do well in.
He was awful! I took this class in 2006 and am still bitter about it. He constantly picked on me because I didn't care for his biased opinions, nor did I write my papers in the dry and redundant fashion he saw fit. I learned absolutely nothing in his class, even though I made every effort to attend and re-write my papers several times!
Contrary to everyone else I enjoyed the class & feel I got a new perspective also. He does like the sound of his voice & sometimes goes on a tangent but if you are prepared & interactive in class the papers will be easy since he covers exactly what he wants in lectures. His command of the language is unparalleled & available after hours if needed.
Worst. Professor. Ever. He is a pompous windbag who loves the sound of his own voice, and is also a bully. He will openly insult students if they do not participate. However, the workload is extremely light, you dont need to do the readings, and if you raise your hand at least twice a class he will leave you alone.
AWFUL!
for an arts and letters class there really isnt too much work, some readings and a few short papers. we also got to watch 3 movies. BUT as a teacher he loves the sound of his own voice, makes absolutely no sense, and bored me to tears. you also must participate. soo overall didnt like it and learned nothing, but not too time consuming
I changed my schedule to get into this class because I thought it would be interesting. Big mistake! He makes unrealistic connections to things all the time. It's so boring and there's only a handful of people who have anything to say. Paper topics are completely unclear so everyone does poorly because they don't know what he actually wants.
Downright unpleasant person...and a very ineffective teacher
This class if awful!!! It was my least favorite class this semester and my most hated teacher.  The class is unbelievably boring and a complete waste of time.  It is also a complete waste of money as you don't use any of the 7 books you are expected to buy.  However... something should be said for a class with no midterms and only 4 papers.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. the description sounds like its going to be a good class but its NOT. he just rambles on and on about the same things and he can never stay on topic or get anything done.  You have to participate a lot to do well.  My least favorite class this semester
The class itself is very boring and you pretty much have to agree with everything he says during discussion. Also, he goes about 15 min late every class so don't schedule a class right after his or else you'll either be late to it, or he'll hate you for leaving early. If you are too shy to talk in class or can't suck up...forget it
Be prepared to become a sycophant, because that's what it takes to do well in his class.  I'm a good student, but I openly debated his opinions in class, and even though I put in a lot of hard work and turned in a flawless final paper, I got a B.
The most superficial person alive teaches this class. The class is boring and only focuses on how bad it is to be ugly, and how great it is to be beautiful. For example, today we discussed how Afghani woman lack style. If you have a brain do not take this class. If you're a 'barbie' you'll love it.
1336868	Jody	Vallejo	25
Honestly, the class is not rocket science. As people have mentioned she does present a very skewed look on immigration. There is a final project that is kinda annoying and a lot of reading as well as an in class midterm and take home final.  I am not sure I would take this class again.
She is an okay professor but never helps  since I have never seen her at the office hour. Though she is saying she is not skewed she is. Tons of reading to prepare and essays to write. It is an interesting topic but I definitely recommend you to take another GE6. 
Super nice professor but her class is incredibly hard. The readings are very important.
A very easy class. She articulates well and is very clear. However, very skewed view on immigration which makes the class a little obnoxious sometimes.
One of the best professors Ive had at USC. She is extremely clear and straightforward in her lectures. She's also really passionate about the topic at hand (immigration for this class) and extremely knowledgeable. Its one of those classes you've gotta do readings for and show up to class every day but worth it and exams aren't too difficult!
Provides a skewed view on Immigration and Immigration policy. She would like the border to be an open door. BUT....very easy class.
Overall not a difficult class. 1 midterm, Interview project, and a 16 page take home final.  Teacher is very direct and her views can be one-sided.  Attendance is mandatory (don't be late).  TA's grade everything.  If Yu Kang is your TA, switch sections.  He has difficulty speaking English, which makes the discussion section a waste of time.
Professor Vallejo is extremely interested in the subject and will get you interested by the end of the semester. Great class, great GE, and it's not too difficult as long as you take good notes.
Really interesting class. If you weren't interested in immigration prior, you'll be obsessed with it after the class. Attendance is mandatory in lecture and discussion. We only read a little of each book and she really explains it well in class. There's a few pop quizzes, 1 midterm, 1 project, and a take home final. Take this class!!!
This is a pretty easy class, but there's a lot of reading. Attendance is compulsory and there are random pop quizzed. She's a nice teacher but very strict and at times cranky. I took this class with JEP and enjoyed it.
She is extremely knowledgeable about the subject and prepares interesting, helpful lectures. Substantial amount of reading at times, but doable. A bit one-sided sometimes. She is friendly and kind and likes to learn students' names. She loves it when people participate, so try to speak up and answer questions. Enjoyed the class & learned a lot!
very helpful, friendly, likes to learn students' names. She creates lots of discussion. very knowledgeable in her field. final seems difficult (3 essays, 12 pages maximum altogether), but it isnt because we have to much to write about. Also requires that we interview an established immigrant.
Dr. Vallejo is hot hot hot!! She is also extremely smart and crystal clear in what the assignments are. She expects you to read, so read. It makes the class more interesting. It's not an easy A because you have to work for it. Attend office hours, she is always willing to help.
Attractive and engaging. Commands respect in the classroom.  Makes her bias very clear through her lectures.  My advice if you take this class: do the reading, and prove you have through participation.  She will remember you.  I did fairly well on exams but still got a B+ because I did not participate.  Interesting topic, too. Very relevant to LA.
She is nice during the lecture. But she becomes very mean about your grade. This is definitely not an essay A class. She requires a lot of reading which is almost impossible. Although the class is interesting, it is not a smart choice if you are seeking a final A.
Very great professor! Ensures that the students participate in class. Remembering the key terms are very important because they will have to be incorporated in future assignments!
Professor Vallejo is great!  Without question, you should take her class!  She is incredibly nice and helpful and actually cares about her students.  She likes when students participate in class.  Her exams and essays are reasonable.  Just take notes.  Seriously, great GE to take.
Profesor Vallejo is great!  Without question, take her class.  She is very reasonable with her exams and essays and keeps her lectures interesting without overwhelming her students with excessive information.  She is incredibly nice and helpful.  A great GE to take!
Great teacher.  She is so cool and the lectures are right out of the texts so you dont even have to read.  My aide was kinda tough, but what can you do.  MIdterm is cake if you pay attention. Plus she is pretty biased.  If you are pro immigration she is your best friend, if not then dont even bother talking.
Professor Vallejo is a wonderful teacher! She really tries to learn all her students' names and she is always interested in talking to students outside of class. I personally did not really have an opinion about immigration prior to taking her class, but now I find it very interesting. The class itself is not very hard. Just take notes in class!
Vastly knowledgeable about current sociological issues, great personality, commands strong presence and respect in classroom, attractive - what more could you ask for in a professor&#63; Exam difficulty was appropriate, lecture was efficiently used, prof. stimulated great student interest in material. Take this class - you will not regret it.
One of the most enjoyable classes I have taken at USC, would recommend to anyone. Prof is really nice. Should be an easy A if you go to class and take good notes (type it up). Readings are semi-necessary in the sense she uses them as the backbone for her lectures. Participation is 15%, take home final 30%. By the way, she is one HOT professor.
She knows the topic like the back of her hand and it helps learning a subject from an expert. Some people think she's mean but really just take the time to show her you have an interest and she won't forget you for it. Oh yeah, and she's drop dead gorgeous!
Absolutely the best sociology professor, she's fun and she actually listens to people when they voice out their opinion. A lot of readings but then they're really interesting. Definitely recommend this professor to everyone.
i love dr vallejo.  shes sweet and nice and although i was not interested in the class at all she made it bearable.  shes fantasticc
505343	James	Steele	24
strict, not very friendly, good memories and well prepared for lectures tho
I can't even describe HOW unfair Steele is...as long as he knows your face, you can get an A regardless of how badly you do in the class. I had higher test grades than my friend in the class, and she ended up getting a B while I received a C+ because he didn't know my name. Something seriously needs to be done about this.
This class is honestly the biggest battle to stay awake! When he speaks it's like somebody telling you night stories for you to fall sleep! If you do fight back and stay awake you'll definitely learn a lot though.. and as long as he remembers your name you get an A no matter what you DID for him to remember it!
Professor Steele is extremely knowledgable and is keen about the subject matter. He is a bit monotone but he tries to keep the student's interest by cracking a dry joke here and there. The TA's aren't as helpful and at times the class is stopped bc or unorder slides. He means well and coming out of the class I leave confident in what we went over.
Not helpful at all. It's like he wants students to fail. No formal structure to his teaching - just uses the TA's slides, glances at the pictures, and then uses memory to somehow give information during lectures. Tests are hard that focus more on the useless information and stories. Very boring but mean in terms of attendance and behavior.
First semester is so pointless and not helpful, but second semester does get a little more interesting...but unless you HAVE to take this class for a major requirement, avoid james steel at all costs...unless of course you like short little men who point with their thumbs and cant cross their arms...
Great lecturer, very knowledgeable in a variety of architectural subjects. Good person to get to know for your recommendations and stuff.
James Steele was one of the first professors who made me question my decision to go to USC. He wasn't very effective in dealing with a random room full of students. He rambled on about architecture in LA, and I started to fall asleep.
He designed the class to fail everyone just for fun.
i fell asleep in many lectures. doesn't stick to the main topic, and give a lot of wrong background information about different countries and architects.
Hands down the best lecturer you will ever have. Class is story time and although we're frantically jotting down every word he speaks, there is always an applause afterwards.  This is what class should be like. The thought of ditching this class never crossed my mind because it seriously is a very enjoyable class.
he is funny
No Comments
After taking Ghirardo I loved his class.  He was enganging and knew all the little side stories that make classes interesting .  He is a great author and does interviews if you have a precedent that he knows.
He's a talented author.  He has worked with some of the most famous architects in the world.  He's been all over the world studying architecture.  His lectures are engaging.  For a professor, he is relatively humble.  I can't see why you can't like him.  He's brilliant.
He not only was a bad teacher, but was demeaning, rude and acted superior to his students. I tried to meet with him but he blew me off and seemed humored that we found his class hard. NOTHING he talked abuot related to eastern asia and was all about archit
ok, don't get me wrong hes creepy, but a great speaker
big time underachiever as a teacher...very untrustworthy
so this one time he caught my friend cheating... but instead of failing him, he asked him to pick up someone from the airport in return for a passing grade
No Comments
Random man with hard. HARD slideshow exams......
Well His classes were intersting, but when it came time for the test...oh man they were way off the lectures
No Comments
No Comments
1656569	Virgil	Adumitroaie	24
Dr. Adumitroaie is an incredibly intelligent professor with in-depth knowledge of topic.  However, there is entirely too many concepts in this class for one semester.  He should consider slimming the syllabus.  Most students are intimidated by him, but once they realize he wants to teach the subject and ask questions, he usually answers them.
Need a lot of interest to follow. Good example and working assignments.
Very knowledgeable
Hardest class I ever take. He's helpful when you talk with him in person, but always not give the answer that you want in Blackboard.
This is an intense course with lots of HW due to the material, so you must keep up. Prof is usually very good about responding to questions quickly. Key is to engage him for help - he can be quite helpful.
Good course. Lectures can be challenging. I did this course during the summer. Each class had a duration of 3 hours. Prior reading of the material advised. He will not provide answers to questions directly, you will have to fight for it.
I found this class interesting with real world application.
Interesting course.  Changes your perspective on purchasing/investing decisions.
This class has been really helpful for my following courses. The professor showed us the precise key concepts and approaches of Engineering Economics.
I had not taken any ISE classes prior to this, so I was concerned that I would be behind other students.  However, the professor was extremely helpful.  He was very patient with his students and took time explaining concepts that were confusing.  Some of his lectures were boring, but if you pay attention, his tests aren't difficult at all.
A must for me to graduate. Not necessarily useful.
This course is very helpful for people who want to gain an entry in the field of Asset Valuation in the Big Four Consulting Companies. And this course also provides a detailed knowledge of financial analysis which would  be very helpful in future.
Very straightforward. Is highly accessible through blackboard discussion board. However, he won't directly feed you the answers and instead guides you towards the path, helping students' abilities to gain a greater understanding of economics. Tests are manageable and reflect the homework.
Please take ISE 460 before this class if you really want to understand the basic. If you directly take 561 it's a lot of work. After midterm I didnt understand anything. 460 really helped me out.
it was a good experience. The lectures gets lengthy and boring sometimes but a very good class in general.
Overall, the class wasn't that interesting, but if you did the homework, the tests were easy. The professor was very available to help outside of class, too.
Worst class I have ever had at USC.  Most boring professor I have ever had at USC.  If you can avoid this class or this professor, do so.  He has this ability to make a three hour lecture feel like an eternity. He reads off the slides and does not stimulate the audience or even come prepared.
If you can avoid taking this professor, do so.
Most boring 3 hours every week. The professor reads off the slides, with no emotion. Sitting through the class is useless. I spent 18 hours every week doing the homework and 'self taught' myself the material straight from the book. I do not recommend this professor.
Hard course but the professor is very helpful.
The course ISE-561 helped me in gaining substantial financial knowledge. My background of ISE-460 helped a lot during this course. I would recommend others to take ISE-460 before taking ISE-561. The professor gave sufficient practical examples in the class. And there were healthy discussions in the class. The pace of teaching was good.
Homework is hard but graded easily. However the professor can't teach and it is clear that he has no interest in teaching. His lectures are monotone and his handwriting is horrible. He marks up his lecture slides using the smartboard so they are unreadable. The lectures aren't even his own and are preprepared by the textbook. Don't take this class!
I think the Virgil a solid teacher.  He's clearly knowledgeable and wants to help the students do well.  I think his tests are much easier than the hw, and he usually prepares us with practice problems that are just like the exam questions.  Not the best teacher i've ever had, but solid.
Hardest class ever, close to 20 hours of homework a week. Impossible tests, no curve.
665983	Akira	Lippit	24
If you have great writing and analytical skills, this class will be a breeze for you. Attended only 3 lectures and got a solid A. Although he's a nice professor, Lippit is sometimes inaudible so be sure to sit in the front. He also tells you important details before/after the screenings.
LIPPIT IS AN AMAZING PROFESSOR. He is so knowledgable and you truly learn so much about film by just listening to him in lecture. Lectures are a bit too long but still enjoyable. Class overall is decently easy but essays can be a bit tedious but TA's grade pretty easy. Took as a GE but glad I took it! Gave 5 pts ex credit towards overall grade.
two 3page papers, one 2-question midterm and a 1-question final..USC's core education at its finest. all questions for the exams are given before hand, what more do you want&#63;
This class was so simplistic. It almost felt that the teacher (Akira Lippit) didn't want to impart information to the class. As others have written, he speaks/mumbles softly and his lectures are disjointed.  Also, when I went to office hours, he was very vague and didn't suggest advanced works that I asked for.  Disappointing.
In my opinion, I enjoyed this class. It is a very easy class, but it is also one you will actually enjoy too. I agree with what some other users said, make sure you sit in the front for lecture because it is hard to hear him. But all in all this has been the only GE I've ever actually enjoyed, learned a lot and found easy all at the same time.
inaudible and laughably easy. if you want content, go elsewhere.
Professor Lippit is the best teacher I've ever had. He knows more about film than anyone I've ever met and got me so incredibly excited about Asian cinema. Seriously. He's the most down to earth, knowledgable, just flat out incredible teacher I've ever had. TAKE ANY CLASS HE OFFERS.
Really easy class. 2 papers, 1 midterm, 1 final. Go to lectures, because he pretty much tells you what the tests are about or what to write about. Go watch the movies, some are pretty good. If you go to lectures, then you won't need to read the Imagined Communities book because he explains all you need to know.
Most interesting class I've taken, probably because I'm in love with Asian art films. A lot of the films shown are artsy and slow... if they aren't to your taste, you might not enjoy the class as much. Easiest A ever, because the prof wants you to just chill, enjoy and learn something. I know I did. He is very kind and flexible and knowledgeable.
Although he tends to get inaudible most of the times, his class EALC 125 is one of the easiest and nice GE's.basically watch a film every week, 2 three page papers, 1 midterm and 1 final! TAKE this class!
Although does not give out slides or notes, Professor Lippit is a very engaging speaker and very knowledgable. Overall the class is easy and very intersting.
Digressions were interesting but not altogether in context. One of those &quot;jazz musician&quot; lecturers who teaches through fragmented connections. The labor of following can be tedious. This style probably lends itself better in academic writing where convolutions and incongruous connections can put one on the road to tenure.
No notes, no slides, no set structure... but the class was very easy. He's very flexible about assignments, and he's really in to film. Cool guy. If you want to take an easy class and watch some movies, take this class. If you want to really learn something substantial, consider another class. I was also not wowed by his selection of films.
he was very unclear, lectures=rantings about director and film in general.no structure,no notes,no slides.whatever he talks,it is irrelevant to the text or assignments 70% of the time. Do not take him for GE
He is very knowlegeable and engaging. I love the class!
Lots of great asian films. I enjoyed it very much. Great professor.
I love the class and the professor is great. Definitely recommend the class!!
I love the films and the professor is very good. But I don't like the readings.
The films were good, and the lectures were pretty interesting, but the textbooks were bad.  Great TAs-they were really helpful and smart.
The films are very interesting. I enjoyed the class very much!!!
Good class!
He's hot and extremely intelligent. Too bad that he won't be as hot as he is after 10 years. But I won't be in this school by then, either. :)
Without question, the best professor at USC. Extremely generous and devoted to his students.
No Comments
1207261	Oleksandr	Lytvak	24
Awful teacher. I've been an A+ student in math since grade school and this guy makes no sense, partly due to the fact that his english is subpar and the rest is due to he just isn't a good teacher. Lectures are rushed, assignments don't correlate to the quizzes, and he is not helpful at all. Take any other professor besides this one. 
Amazing teacher. He does have an accent, but he's brilliant and goes through every step whenever people don't understand.He curves the class at the end, and likes to help during office hours.
Very helpful professor, great study guides for midterms and final. Always willing to help during office hours. He curved the class at the end boosting our grades
THE WORST PROFESSOR EVER! HE WILL START EXACTLY WHEN THE CLASS STARTS AND WOULDN'T DARE TO LEAVE 1 SINGLE MINUTE BEFORE CLASS TIME. CANT TEACH. PERFECTIONIST. ENGLISH IS HORRIBLE. THINKS HES A GENIUS. NOT RECOMMENDED FOR THOSE WHO ENJOY MATH HE WILL MAKE YOU HATE IT.
Contrary to what a lot of people said here, I actually liked this prof a lot. Yes his midterms are hard but theres a huge curve and just go to his office hours and he's very willing to help. teaches the material in a clear way. attend all his lectures, it'll be helpful. pretty helpful and nice guy
Cant exactly say this man was of any help or use. Mumbled all through lecture, and gave horrible attitude with questions unless they were correcting him. The tests are impossible. literally, the curve brings the average grade (C) to a 35%. No one finishes. Final even worse. Average was 65/200. Avoid if possible. TA was a nightmare...TAKE AT JCC!
i know some people aren't a huge fan of Lytvak, but he really is so so nice and willing to help. At first, it seems like his clarity is poor because of his accent, but he is one of the only professors ive had that showed every single step of the problem every time. i was 1 of the 4 people in the class who had never taken calc, and i got an A
No Comment
Very difficult teacher. Makes no sense. This is my third time in Calculus and by far the hardest based on Lytvak. No one finishes the exams. TAKE ANYONE ELSE!
No one attends lecture, but you should.  weekly quizzes are easy but exams are mad hard.  thank god there is a generous curve
Mumbles, not clear. Learned much more from TAs. Also, midterms are difficult because you feel really rushed.
the hardest class I have ever taken and the worst teacher I have ever had.  Did not understand anything and you have to constantly study and learn on your own. The midterms are nothing like the quizzes, homework or his prac exams. Study the prev. final problems.  This class is a nightmare.
This is a professor with poor English. Just so so.
This teacher is a disaster.  I would not take this class, I was forced to drop because his tests do NOT correlate with the homework.  You get 50 minutes to do his midterms and they are HARD!
Here's the thing. The class is easy and the material is not hard, however Lytvak only allows 50 minutes on the 2 midterms. You have to be really fast or you will be like 90% of the class and not finish the midterms. Grade is based of midterms and finals. It's stupid to allow such little time on midterms that require you to think!! Feel rushed!!!
Really not as bad as everyone says he is.  I got an A in his class easily.  The curve is also huge so even if you do poorly on the midterms you will still do fine in the class.  The quizzes are grade boosters too.  He doesn't explain things great but he tries really hard and is willing to help you outside of class.
VERY difficult professor.  The subject matter is simple, but he doesn't properly answer student questions and he makes everything much more difficult than it is.  Many tests have questions that were not adequately covered in class.  As a plus, since it's so hard, the curve is nice.  Try to get another professor, take it over summer, or test out.
His midterm are tough but it makes you prepare for the final
Went to every class, studied VERY hard and did poorly because he made everything soooo confusing. Do not have him as your professor!! If you must, like me, go to the SI sections!!!
a really, really terrible prof. had this class my first semester, and was shocked at the poor teaching quality. lectures are awful. even tho i sat in the frontrow&went to office hrs he seemed never to recognize me. tests were terribly written. also he reeks. TAKE SOMEONE ELSE, OR DONT TAKE THE CLASS!!!!
class is pointless. just get the notes from someone! midterms are written poorly cus he doesn't teach well. he smells like crap. so don't go near him:(
This guy is unorganized, unhelpful, and is not clear. Two Midterms and a final. Final is easier than midterms but all are unclear and hard. Average in he class was around a 65. Take  a different professor he blows.
Prof lytvak's midterms are impossible and poorly written.  He makes you feel stupid for asking questions in class, his lectures pointless, boring and unorganized. If you have any problems he is very unapproachable. Try and find a different prof!
No Comments
171726	David	Lavond	24
He really knows what he is talking about and really seems to care about the students.  Quizzes are NOT HARD if you go to class and study for them.
This professor is the worst. With a horrendous grading system and weekly quizzes, one bad grade is enough to put you in a hole. His extra credit is nearly impossible to achieve. You have to read the book religiously. He is the most mundane professor in the world, and it's a challenge to stay awake in his class. Strongly discourage this class.
Real simple class. Weekly quiz. Nothing cumulative. Show up to class and do the reading and it is an easy A for any psychology major. Monotone professor, but worth taking because he knows his stuff and the course is a GPA booster. 
I took him for 305.  305 was the better class. 326 is a lot more dry and just a torture to sit through.  I got mostly 18's on the quizzes by re-reading the book 2 or 3 times.  The questions are more difficult because of the material. He's not a bad teacher - the material is just hard to work with.
Don't bother going to class- his lectures are dry and boring but you can get everything you need from the textbooks. A quiz every week- pretty easy, not cumulative, no papers/midterm/final which is why I really liked it. Just read (it's not a heavy load) and you'll do great
You can either go to lecture or read the book - both can get you As on the quizzes. Quizzes are once a week, so buy scantrons. 20 questions, multiple choice. This decides your entire grade. Try not to miss quizzes, you make them up during finals (the final is just the last quiz), and you'd probably rather study for other classes.
His lectures are not clear, but as long as you read the chapters you'll ace the quizzes.
Extremely boring class. I had to rely heavily on the textbook at first before I realized that all of the quiz questions come out of the lecture, and one of the books is confusing, to me at least.
A lot of reading but do-able.  I read the book twice (~3 chapters a week) and I got 19/20 on his weekly quizzes.  If you have a ? during the quiz go up to him and he will help.  Understand the book and you will do fine in his class.  People think he is hard because of the reading but its not bad at all.  He can by dry but it is interesting material
He is the most boring professor I have ever had at USC. He has a lot of passion for the field but doesn't deliver it well. Very very dry lectures. No power points. Have to go to class to even attempt to get a good grade.
It is hard to imagine how a class with such a simple set up can be so difficult, but do not be fooled. You will feel as though you missed questions due to lack of focus and that simply studying more will help, but it eventually hits you that that amount of reading EVERY week with no leeway room (drops)especially with other classes is not logical.
Painful lectures.  Even more painful textbook.  Weekly multiple choice tests.  These are difficult tests with extremely specific questions.  Doesn't dump lowest grade.  Not a recommended class.
He lectures and there are weekly quizzes, but the class is not cumulative. No other papers, projects, or assignments. It is extremely easy if you do the work. Lectures are extremely boring but give you the vital information, or you can read from the book.
Lavond is an expert in the field and you can tell he is very passionate. The class has an awesome format: a quiz a week on one chapter. You will learn quickly what type of questions he asks so the quizzes are not tricky as long as you understand what you are reading. He grades extremely fairly and the curve makes 18/20 an A.
Lecture style takes some getting used to, but if you're quick to adapt, it's not that bad. For me, staying on top of the book material was a challenge.
If you learn well by his style, you'll do super well. If you don't, you'll fail. Basically, he presents his lecture material, and then you have to learn the book material by yourself bc he doesn't go over it at all. It's the hardest class I've ever had to take. Don't be fooled by how easy the syllabus presents the class to be.
Lectures are boring, tests are harder now since he no longer lets you use the book.  I did well but you have to pay somewhat good attention in class.  Overall he can tell he isn't that great of a teacher.
inflates grades A LOT i.e 85=A-. Separate book & lec material so lec is mandatory. Lectures boring tho, just talks, no visuals and it feels like you have to write down everything he says to get an AHis tests aren't typical, not enough to memorize theories or definition. EC easy & a lot: grade can go from B to B+. just had to go to office hours
Boring lectures, but he is certainly a professional in his field. His classes (both 305 and 326) are graded incredibly fairly. Reading is required, lectures are best to attend though are monotonous. I would recommend both of his classes.
an interesting class if you like cognitive psychology, but professor lavond can be an extremely boring lecturer. attendance is not mandatory, as long as you do the readings you'll get a good grade in the course. consists of fourteen quizzes of twenty questions each, not usually tricky.
Dr. Lavond is extremely intelligent, but his lectures can get a little tedious and boring at times.  Really nice guy, answers all of your questions.  The new format of the class makes it considerably more difficult.
this is a borrrrring lecture. The whole class consists of a quiz on each chapter at the beginning of each week, thats it.  As long as you do the reading you should be fine. NO mandatory attendace, although it really helps to hear what he says cause its usually on the quizes
Behavioral Neuroscience was a very interesting topic. But be warned, Prof. Lavond is NOT an easy teacher and can tend to be boring as a lecturer. Only take the class is you're interested in the subject matter.
Extremely boring but very intelligent
666027	Bruce	Zuckerman	24
Prof. Zuckerman gives interesting lectures, has a just and forgiving grading policy, and has a pleasant personality. The beginning of REL111 is fun - he tells a lot of stories, outlines the history well and has a clear theme. However, the second half of the course is not as coherent; its lectures are off topic. New Testament understanding is lower.
The class is hard, but only during midterm and final. Midterm paper, test; final paper, test. Weekly quizzes (monday) on biblical readings ONLY. You don't really have to attend Wednesday lectures. I only used the textbooks for my papers and tests. As others have said, help will be there if you need it. TAs where awesome. 
Lectures were boring, no one paid attention. Previous biblical knowledge will barely help. There is a lot of reading too The two papers were a pain but luckily I got A's on them (my TA was amazing). Class is not an easy A but an A is possible (I got an 89). The midterm and final are feasible, Zuckerman gives you the specific material to study.
Only take this pass or fail. (or just don't) This class was a nightmare. So much reading, weekly quizzes which were IMPOSSIBLE, and all of the papers were graded pretty harshly too. The midterm and final weren't that bad, but this is still a pretty hard class. Lectures were mostly boring with few interesting points. Easy to zone out.
Honestly, too hard for a GE. There is a ton reading, and quizzes are very hard and specific. You can read the reading and still get a poor quiz grades. Also, he is a VERY tough grader, even though he will help you with papers if you meet with him. Lectures tend to be slow paced and boring. Definitely wouldn't recommend this course. 
If your other classes are time consuming , take this one as passno-pass or just don't take it. He is really great though, very humble, wise, and fun. You will have weekly quizzes of the readings(a lot), but they are pretty easy, just remember the characters and their role and something important they did. Hard grader on papers, easy mid and final
The second half of the semester is a lot easier than the first. He grades on improvement. The quizzes are very detail oriented and were hard to do well on. If you do better the second half of the semester this will be in your favor. The midterm and final are very predictable. Two papers that are graded harshly but you can receive feedback. 
 It is great when BZ peeps out small utterances of wisdom, and that is what makes the class worth it. Go to his office hours with material that he can look at, and don't just have a bunch of questions. Also, if you studied for hours and hours on a weekly quiz, you didn't study hard enough, but he balances that out with lots of extra credit. 
Prof. Zuckerman is an amazing lecturer. If it were anyone else teaching this class, I'd knock out in 10 minutes, tops. Despite the sheer volume of content that he covers, Zuckerman makes it fascinating. If that weren't enough, he's always there for his students.  It's a shame that not more students remained to listen.
Professor Zuckerman is a good professor who has a lot of knowledge on the Hebrew Bible. That being said, it is a very boring class. If you are not interested in the subject, I do not recommend taking it, as your interest helps your grade. Overall, there are easier GE's to take. 
Dr. Z meets his students half-way. Put in the effort to learn and ask questions, and he'll personally help you through the course. He revised my essay line-by-line, met with me to prepare for the final, and came to school on a day he he otherwise wouldn't have just so I could take a test I missed. Plus LOTS OF EXTRA CREDIT (like 5% of total grade).
The first 30 minutes of class tended to be non-consequential; mostly just get out your laptop and play a game time. The quizzes tend to be a bit in depth, unnecessarily so. But he tells you exactly what he wants out of the tests and papers. No reason to be surprised by your grade in the class. Really interesting class overall.
Great prof esp if you meet with him. Always have him read your drafts before you submit- it's awesome to be able to take advantage of this. Do the bible readings and try to take notes/pay attention in lecture, but the sample midterm/final is very helpful for actual final.
Incredible professor.  He's extremely passionate with his subject and is probably one of the most helpful teacher I've had.  However, even if you come from a relative religious background, don't count on having an easy semester.  Be sure to get your paper checked before submitting it to him at least once.
Nicest professor at 'SC! Attendance is mandatory; no powerpoints / notes online. Very accessible and willing to help students out. Enthusiastic lectures keep students interested in the material. Not impossible to get an A in the class if you work hard and ask for help on the papers! Willing to read drafts and help you revise / rewrite!
Quizzes every Monday on a lot of reading in the Old Testament.  Destined to get a B on essays.  Gives you exact outline for midterm and final.  Prepare to get a B in the class
Great professor who loves what he teaches and really cares about his students / students' grades. He wants us to succeed and does his best to provide us with all the resources necessary to get an A in his class. Only take if you're willing to attend all/most lectures and do the weekly Bible readings.
He's a really nice professor that tackles difficult material found in the Old Testament with stories, clear explanations, and his famous quote &quot;I don't know.&quot; He goes off the tangent A LOT, but it is worth it because he tells you nice little stories. I would suggest you to take this class if you are a competent writer and zealous reader.
He's great! Best teacher I've ever had. However, if yo don't want to work, don't take this class. Every week you'll have a quiz on sections of the Bible, they are quite lengthy sections, but easy quizzes if you read it. Then 1 midterm, 2 papers, and one exam. Quite a hard grader on papers however, but he's great!!
Zuckerman is amazing! The lectures were great and he made the subject really interesting. Learned so much in the class. Warning: Zuckerman considers any essay grade 94% or higher to be &quot;better than what he could write.&quot; Hard to get an A, but so worth taking the class. Changed my outlook on lots of things, not just REL-related.
Professor Zuckerman is one of the best professors at USC without a doubt. Yes, there is LOTS of reading for this class, but he is extremely helpful and genuinely cares about his students. His classes are always fascinating and revolves around him telling stories, which is great! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED if you're okay with reading. You learn a lot!!!
Extremely knowledgeable.  His classes take work to do well in there BIG distinction between B and A.  You can work very hard and get a B.  If you want an A you are going to be rewriting your papers many times, but honestly my writing skills improved A LOT from his class.  He is a VERY nice guy and will go out of his way for his students.
Professor Zuckerman is probably one of the most knowledgeable individuals I've ever met in my life.  Contrary to what the other comment states, you DON'T need to have any prior knowledge! He's really funny and makes class go by so quickly.  It's a hard class but DEFINITELY worth the effort.
DONT TAKE UNLESS YOU KNOW SOMETHING ABOUT JEWS and ANCIENT MESOPOTAMIA.
477730	Eric	Rawson	24
He's pretty good and you'll learn.
Care about students. Interesting lectures.
Definitely incredibly smart. He knows what he''s talking about for sure. He might seem a bit disconnected at times as he is very clearly always in the world of academia.  Knows his stuff but grading can seem arbitrary at times and not very objective. Overall great professor pushes his kids for the best and gives great lectures so to speak.
He was amazing
The prompts were really broad, so you can write about anything you think is interesting. A lot of dumb busywork. Not fantastic, but a good class.
Absolutely amazing professor! Never runs out of things to say. Always has time to help with topics and ideas for papers. Will point you in the right direction if he knows you need some adjusting. Only good professor I had this semester!
Rawson is an easy professor, but let me get this point clear he is a bad grader. You can work your butt off on a paper and get a C. Seriously, i spent so much time on a paper, went to the writing center consulted with my RA and still got a C. Even one of the paragraphs i consulted with the professor got corrected. Overall im just disappointed.
Literally one of the best writing teachers I've ever had.  Extremely helpful and clear.  He pretty much spells out exactly what he wants in your papers.  Class was a lot of discussions and we didn't use any text book.  He's extremely motivating for a class that everyone at SC dreads.
A really really nice guy. WRIT140 is going to be hard with whoever you take but he is very helpful. Grading is suspicious though because I don't think my writing improved as much as my grade did..
The best above the rest. Mr Rawson is generous. He loves to teach, he goes the extra mile for his students.He is one of a kind!!
Mr. Rawson is a gem. We are so lucky to have someone like him in class. Mr. Rawson is the most thoughtful, generous, patient teacher.He cares about the students performance, and I wish my future instructors will be just like him.
Really enjoyed the class, good professor. There was a fair amount of work (I also took it during the summer so that compressed things), but I improves my writing and found the class to be interesting. He is very accessible and helpful.
Writing 140 sucks. However, Rawson made it as bearable as possible. Pretty nice grader and a really friendly guy too. Definitely the best 140 teacher out there. That being said, he takes the class discussions too seriously (although he can't be blamed for trying to teach in a class that most people don't like).
What a great professor! He was so knowledgeable in any topic imaginable, which was very helpful during conferences when he would help with your papers. Made the class interesting, especially when I was expecting the worse from WRIT140. Easy-going and explains things so well. My fave professor, I really loved this class!
brilliant professor - seems to know everything about everything. his lectures are fun and interesting because he encourages and rewards student involvement, and the way he speaks makes him enjoyable to listen to.
Dr. Rawson is the best!!! He is so knowledgeable and really helped me improve as a writer. While the class was very difficult, (five papers in one semester), he makes it all the better. You must try and get him as a teacher, I'm going to try and get him again for WRIT 340.
Eric is very nice and helpful. He is also very friendly accessible to students. He made WRIT140 less painful and the course is much better than I expected because of him! Definately take him if you can.
class better than i expected.  still don't like writing but now know more what to do
Rawson rocks!  Hard class but got a lot of confidence as a result.
Back for another year.  I'm sorry I won't have Eric Rawson again until WRIT 340 because he helped me through freshman year not just in his class but in general.  Good teacher.
I found Rawson's class to be very helpful.  In fact it was the best class I had last year.  I think I know the person who rated him on 5/7.  She was in my class and was hostile and complaining from Day One.  My experience was much more positive.
Eric is a great guy and teacher, more like a friend than a professor.
Eric is not helpful with papers. His comments to me were always &quot;good&quot; and then he would give me a B. He did not improve my writing and refused to actually help with anything. We never used the book either. It was a waste of time.
really helpful and really nice. great teacher. best writ 140 teacher for sure
1474580	Subhashish	Chakravarty	23
Material easy in the first few weeks, then my the third midterm everyone is lost. Be sure to do the homework and visit Chak's office hours frequently. Participate in class and work with friends on creating study materials for midterms. His accent is not too bad, one you get used to it. He is def top 5 professors Ive had at marshall
This is one of the best teachers I have ever had.  Although the class is difficult, he is really nice and he is always available during office hours.  Additionally, he gives you more than enough practice for tests.  If you pay attention in class you will get an A.
Two midterms dividing entire semester into 3 parts. 1st and 2nd part relatively easy material and 3rd part requires more work. Relatively light Indian accent but usually clear and well articulated in class. Powerpoints are not easy to follow but office hours really helps clarify things and easy assignments and homework as well.
really nice guy, class is boring and gets progressively harder as semester goes by. grades with generous curve, but most kids end up getting b-/c+
If you come prepared, class is easy to follow and get a good grade, otherwise you're teaching yourself everything which makes it very difficult.  He covers a lot of material that isn't in the book and it's clearer than just reading.  do the practice!
boring, boring, boring. he's kind of all over the place w the material, too much material to cover & he's confusing. calculus 1, 2, & 3 are easier than this (seriously, i've taken all 3) cuz he's so confusing.
Taking this class at 8 am was the worst decision ever.  It is SO easy to get lost and fall behind!!  The class is so boring unless you absolutely love math.  2 midterms and a final, the tests are really hard and only 25-30 multiple choice questions, putting a lot of pressure on each question.  Very tough and boring, I don't recommend it.
he is extremely boring. avoid 8am classes they are painful but he is helpful as a prof. go to him during office hours, do the hw properly, study on your own using textbook and ull get at least a B+.
Boring, but he is nice. Does everything by the book and there are class quizzes so you'd want to go to class unless you have some good knowledge of stats. Quizzes help some but it's chance.. ha. Tests were difficult and many dropped his class. Wouldn't recommend.
He is not as bad as people are making him out. He;s really nice, but his lectures are pretty boring and can be confusing at times. He uses the book a lot, so make sure you read that. Easy to get an A in his class though
Professor Chakravarty is extremely caring. He is always willing to extend office hours for students and go through all problems that you ask him to. The homework, assigned weekly/classly is an easy way to boost your grade, especially since you can go to him prior to when it is due and he will help make sure you got your answers right.
He is not clear and his lectures are boring and unuseful. He does have a lot of office hours and assigns very little homework (1-4 problems usually). Unless you already know basic statistics and plan to cut every class, I suggest you choose a different professor.
His lectures are pretty much useless. He tries to be clear but a lot of times makes things more confusing. For some reason though he is VERY helpful during office hours. Either way, he hardly gives any homework and his tests are pretty easy if you study for them
worst professor i have ever had at usc thus far. makes simple concepts difficult, and and rude when asked questions during class.
A lot of the other commenters are unfairly judging him. His exams are the very fair; his HW consists is 1-2 problems/class 2x week; his accent is not bad; he is  nice and is easily available through office hours. For Exams,he literally tells you the types of problems that you will find on it; those who don't do well probably don't go to class.
I've taken Stats in high school twice already so I learned most of the things taught in the class. If you've never taken the class before, it could be difficult for people. I would suggest taking another teacher if you really want to learn the subject. His test averages usually lean towards the B/C line.
I took stats in high school, so his first midterm was a piece of cake. I find it really difficult though to understand the concepts that I had never been taught before. If you've taken stats before you'll probably be fine but if you haven't it will probably be difficult o understand. He is very friendly about his office hours though. mediocre class
Makes everything so much more confusing that it really is. Has a thick accent which makes it even harder to understand. Don't take this class with him.
Explains things in a complicated manner. Class time is usually very dull. If you haven't taken any kind of stats before, do not take Chakravarty.
Lectures make no sense at all. I had to look back upon my 218 notes because I can barely understand anything that he says. He posts homework assignments on Blackboard for every single class (2x/week) without notification during class. Basically, if you really want to learn stats, don't take him.
Having taken Stat before and done well in it, he isn't too bad. I find that he's good at reminding me of the underlying concepts and ideas. I can see how some people are confused with the material if it's new, but if you've taken Stat before he's perfectly fine for BUAD 310.
I literally don't understand anything. He makes easy stuff sounds harder. The whole class is always either falling asleep or doing something else - good thing most of the materials in 310 were covered in 218 otherwise we won't be learning anything at all! But half of the class will be new material, so OVERALL DONT TAKE!!!
2 weeks with Chakravarty were all it took for me to get out while the getting was good.  Has thick indian accent which makes him nearly impossible to understand.  His grading on homework is for correctness, which means no mistakes or you can end up with an F on the homework.  Lectures make almost no sense, mumbles and rushes thru slides. DONT TAKE.
1379308	Kyung	Jung	23
Dr. Jung is the best professor I have had at USC.  He stays for HOURS to meet students in his office and he is an expert at diagnosing mistakes in your thought process.  Make sure you look at his slides  notes (all of it matters) and take his practice exams seriously.  If you do both of those, I can't see how you don't get at least a B.
Kyung is eager to help and so nice in office hours. Definitely one of the most approachable professors I had at USC. The course is hard--as expected--but he gives you tons of resources and opportunities to do well in the course. 
Dr. Jung is a great man! He is really nice and wants to see you succeed but will also make you work your butt off. Great professor and quite engaging and funny.
Love him, great professor, very nice but its just that subject tough. Overall he is so much better than travis! He's like a dad, will definitely listen to student's difficulties and give advices
Loved him. He's there for you if you go to office hours (WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND GOING)
Didn't spend enough time teaching material in lecture. Told too many irrelevant stories and jokes. Had to teach myself all of the material
Kyung truly wanted all of his students to succeed. He made himself available VERY often during office hours to discuss performance and take questions - I would advise getting to know him. I found his exams far less trickydifficult than Travis's. His midterms were okay and his final was very easy. Hilarious as well - highly recommend
Seems like nice person, but very demeaning in class, calls you stupid if you get a problem wrong. Won't let you take notes in class, wants you to sit and listen. Lectures are disjointed and hard to understand. Says test will be easy and it isn't even a little.
Kyung is extremely kind, nice, and helpful. He wants everyone in the class to do well and will help you as much as you need. You will need to practice and study a lot outside of class because  he does not teach and explain a lot but he makes everything reasonable and doable. Get to know him and show your work ethic because he determines final grade
Ok so this is one of the hardest classes in USC and I chose to take it in my first sem of freshman year which i regretted a lot. However, Kyung is GOOD that he gives us sample questions during review sessions. The test he gave contains few questions with many marks. So careless mistakes took my marks away. Anyways I am glad to have him in USC
He is the best!Dr. Jung is great because  unlike some professors I've had he is very clear on what is expected of you. He lets you know what type of problems you can expect on the test. This is great since that tests how much ochem you know and not just whether you can understand what the question asks. He is also super funny
He's funny. Awesome guy. One of the most caring professors I've had at USC. Makes himself extremely available and approachable to help students. Straight-forward. Your grade will be a direct reflection of how much time you put into his class. Wish he taught 322b too. My only regret is not going to office hrs more often. He's a valuable resource.
Knows what he's talking about, very engaging and passionate. Could be better at explaining the relevance of particular topics in terms of how they relate to organic chemistry as a whole. Lectures tend to be disjointed and lacking a sense of the big picture. Competent overall.
HONESTLY, Jung is the best person you will meet in the chemistry department. He genuinely cares for all his students & he's like a father to everyone. If you don't understand something, shoot him an email and he will make sure you get it. Don't be afraid to email.Note: His tests are straightforward but this means that everyone usually does well too
Kyung has been my favorite professor at 'SC so far. He breaks down the most complex material into laymen's terms and , unlike many professors, really cares about helping you achieve your dreams. DEFINTELY take.
Dr. Jung is awesome! He's a perfect choice for the first half of ochem because he really takes the time and effort to explain the concepts and ease you into the material. He also goes out of his way to help you and create more office hours. Make sure you pay attention and seek his help, because the subject is quite difficult.
Funny guy, and extremely helpful. Go to his office hours!! He's a great guy and it'll help you out in many ways. Tests are reasonable and stay on top of the practice exams and homework problems. 2nd lang book helps too, but don't dwell on it. Focus on the powerpoints. Also, go to SI! This &quot;weed-out&quot; class doesn't have to weed out you.
Hes cool. and hot.
No really sure what's he's driving at with jokes about his wife. Teach chem dammit!
Oh my goodness Dr. Jung is AMAZING!!!!! He goes out of his way to make sure you understand the material and he is a genuinely nice guy. Put in the effort and you will do great!!!! He really cares about his students. I could talk to him even after the class ended.
Prof Jung is very good at explaining concepts, and he is very caring towards students. He is willing to put in extra office hours to meet with students.
I was so nervous about taking Ochem, but Prof. Jung really helped us understand the beginning concepts well and he was so flexible with office hours, very willing to help students! Attend the lectures and quiz sections even when there isn't a test. I was much more confident about Ochem after his half of the class.
Jung is pretty cool guy and professor. He teaches the first part of o chem so the stuff is still pretty basic and conceptual. His exams emphasize concepts and he doesn't speed through mounds of material in his lectures. He'll even give you some life lessons on the side. Overall he eases you into an o chem and provides the fundamentals you will need
1738659	Catherine	Skibo	23
This is probably the worst professor one could ever endure for a lab.  I specify for the lab because if you take organic chemistry at USC you will certainly find there are exceptions.  She is competitive with students, apathetic, and the lab manual is absolute garbage.  Post labs often take 8 hours and do not relate to the class at all.
Skibo was a poor professor that I could not learn anything from her lecture. When I asked her questions, she was very unfriendly and mean. I really hated her attitude and I did not want to see her unless required.
Two semesters with her and both myself and my pre-medicine peers agree that Skibo is the most unhelpful & vague instructor. No matter what you come to her for she will belittle you and leave you feeling small rather than wanting you to understand something and succeed. Get ready to decode lab manuals & be confused on simple things thanks to her.
This mandatory lab for USC students who want to learn chemistry. If I could choose, I would never choose to go with this professor. She is extremely mean and awful. If you are a perspective undergraduate student, do APs and skip this class. I do not why USC hire her since other teachers are much friendly and helpful.
Skibo's lab assignments push students to become better at lab reports and thinking experimentally, but for the wrong reasons. Her lab book is filled with typos and ambiguities, and the experimental procedures are unclear. Her lab lectures are typically unhelpful, and her lab final is not a proper comprehension test--many questions feel like tricks.
I really wish USC would let us send course evaluations for her because she is just absolutely awful. She is incredibly rude and sassy with her emails and the lab manual, like many other people have stated, is poorly written and confusing. I don't understand why USC would hire someone who got fired from UCLA. 
One of the most frustrating person I have worked with. She talks in a very condescending tone, her lab manuals are full of spelling errors, and she has no place of compassion. Her labs have some of the worst designs and ambiguity I have ever seen. No wonder she got fired from UCLA but I have no idea how she ended up in USC. It's really sad.
Terrible
Skibo is the Lab Director for Gen Chem. I've tried giving her the benefit of the doubt that she's not so bad, but she's sincerely awful. She's always so rude, mean and condescending towards students and T.A.'s.  She has absolutely no empathy or understanding. She forces us to spend absurd amounts of time on unclear, confusing post lab write ups. 
The TAs do most of the lecture teaching. Not very good or clear.  You have to give her some leeway though - she is teaching something like 500 freshmen the same material. Its hard to be personal or offer individual help with that many kids. 
Extremely rude and unhelpful person. Could care less about students.
terrible professor. extreme attitude problem. pretentious teaching style. not helpful at all. decreases motivation. superfluous lab details that don't aid overall learning. doesn't enjoy being around students.
Absolutely terrible experience with Skibo as lab director. She doesn't care about students and does all she can to discourage instead of encourage. She has a terrible attitude and shows no ambition of helping students achieve their goals, not to mention the terrible lab book/program alone. She needs to change her attitude or leave this school.
absolutely the worst professor at USC. Labs are boring and what we did in the reports does not help us understand the materials of the course at all.
The lab reports are ridiculously long, confusing, and take up way more time than they should. She now has a tedious online system, which makes you spend even more time uploading graphs and data. Not to mention all your work could be deleted at any moment if your login times out. And you spent all this work for a mere twenty points. Terrible
Without question the worst professor I have ever had.  She is rude to students and her lab manual is riddled with spelling errors.  I learned very little from lab and spent more time working on my lab reports than studying for exams due to the extremely petty nature of many of the assignments.  USC should be embarrassed to have her on staff.
It is not a surprise why Dr. Skibo appears so young yet has already taught at three different universities. She is absolutely intolerable. Her lab manual is, at worst, incomprehensible, and at best it lacks specific key information. Unfortunately, general chemistry is a required class for my major and her lab is the only option. Good luck.
I loved how she is so strict in lab, even though come to think about it she never wore a lab coat or gloves in lab...hm oh well. Also, her lab exam was helpful for real life situations, I mean I need to know what and where the drench hose is at all times for when the lab catches on fire since I can't call 911 because phones aren't allowed in lab...
terrible. nothing else to say but she is terrible.
Skibo is the lab coordinator for CHEM105ab and is thus unavoidable. The lab manual she writes was clearly never proofread and often makes no sense. She designs irrelevant experiments that are tedious and boring. While I strongly support lab safety, she once yelled at my girlfriend for not wearing shoes outside the lab (who doesn't even attend USC).
This woman has taught at a number of schools so it's really unfortunate that she ended up at USC. Her self-created lab manuals are so poorly written that you get marked down for things you don't understand. Her emails are flat out rude. Oh, and she told our TAs to make quizzes harder because the averages were too high for her tastes.
CHEM lab coordinator. Lab practicals are a complete job and lab exams are so pointless. They do not reflect the class material what so ever. She doesn't appreciate people asking questions, and will make you feel stupid after asking one. Avoid talking to her. She doesn't provide helpful answers anyway.
Chem 105A&B lab instructor.  Tests are completely ridiculous and have no relation to lecture OR lab.  Not only that but she is extremely harsh to deal with, offering few to no openings for social contact or pleasantries.  Avoid at all costs - keep your head down and plow through the labs.
18551	Monte	Ung	23
Hilarious professor. You'll enjoy his lectures. Material is extremly useful. It's sad that Fall 2014 is the last time this course will be offered.
In terms of helpfulness and clarity he's not very good. But definitely you'll find his lectures full of fun! He'll inspire you rather than just teaching you during his lectures. Also, I'm a super smart person that doesn't need any assistance from others, and EE is only for super smart people like me. In short: this professor is good for smart ppl
He is literally the worst professor I 've had in USC. His lecture was very random and he made several mistakes in every single lecture even midterm and finals. The format of the exams are ridiculous as well.  This is a S H A M E to have this kind of professor in USC. I wrote this not because I got bad grades in this class, I just learned nothing.
Put simply: a cute, veteran electrical engineer who loves teaching. Some of the material was hard to understand through his accent and/or assumption we understood concepts, but otherwise he taught well. Really cares about the success of students, and tries to keep the class fun. Wouldn't take him for a harder class, but 201 was fun. Avoid Puvvada!
Exams aren't that difficult. Almost everything he teaches in class will be on the exam(two exams). He even tells you the different sections and subjects on the exam prior to the actual exam date. If you get half of the points of the exam, you pass; It will not guaranteed you an A. Text book, in this case means,Course Reader!There's a final project.
Good guy, ok professor.  I liked him, and he's kinda funny.  He's certainly not bad by any means.  Things could maybe be a little clearer, but he's helpful and willing to to a lot for his students.  You do have to put in effort for the exams, since they do actually test your understanding of the material well.
So this is a guy that's clearly on the back nine.... don't expect much out of him. That being said he's fairly entertaining, he will call on everyone present in class but all you have to do is answer a few questions correctly and he'll see you're competent. Answer a few more of his poorly phrased questions and he'll think you're a genius.
So he's funny and cool at first but the jokes get old fast and you don't learn much from him.  He learns everyone's names..big whoop.  He uses that to be able to ask everyone questions throughout the lectures and make people feel like idiots when they don't understand the stuff he didn't explain well.
Useless as a teacher. He doesn't know anything and refuses to answer even basic questions.
Hilarious teacher, but i wish he taught things more clearly. You're basically on your own for the midterms. Nice guy though
No one understands him. Hes not funny. He doesn't teach. This class/teacher is awful
Pretty much what everyone else said. Spends all of class talking about marines/republicans. It was funny at first, but now that we're actually supposed to know stuff, everyone hates him.
If you take a class with this professor, you're pretty much on your own.  I went to class for two or three weeks before I realized he would never lecture on the subject.  I stopped going to class and ended up with better midterm grades than my friends.  Read the book on your own or take another professor who cares about teaching.
Very entertaining and witty professor, really cuts to the subject matter and keeps the students entertained and involved. Learned a lot about real time systems in his class.
Useful class.
Doesn't really teach. Makes the TA take care of everything.
horrible...absolutely horrible. dont EVER take a class with this guy. Take mayeda or redekopp..
love this man!!! he's so funny. don' take the class if u find engr hard, bc he doesn't teach much. but if it comes easy then he is the guy to take it from, he makes class go by so fast!
funny funny man, marines fanatic
Spends more time talking about the Marines than EE.  Worthless!
very fun, tells jokes and actually explains the subject.  do NOT take Puvvada.
Prof. Ung is hillarious.
No Comments
452525	Steven	Ross	23
Professor Ross wrote most of the books for the class, so he definitely knows what he's talking about. I skimmed through the books and took decent notes and was able to succeed without much difficulty. Started the papers the night before and only studied for the midterm and final for about an hour, got an A or A+ on everything. Easy GE 6, take it!
Ross was just okay. I took Film, Power and American History. It was mainly all history with some random movies thrown in. He gears it towards freshman who have no idea what they're doing, but sometimes he cannot remember what he has already said. TAs are great if you can get them to answer your emails...
This class has an insane amount of reading and your grade is pretty much determined solely by your TA--many are tough graders. Ross is interesting in lecture and you watch some cool movies but the amount of reading & the 15 page research paper is absolutely not worth it. Tests grading depends on how much you memorized from reading. NOT an easy GE6.
Do Not... I repeat... DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. This isn't so much a review of Ross as it is a review of the class itself. TA's grade EVERYTHING. I've had NO interaction with the guy all semester, and you won't. The 15 page paper at the end is RIDICULOUS...no, HELL. I didn't come here to write a dissertation for my Phd. Please, pick something else.
Professor Ross made excellent description of the link between film and American History, but if you just want to take this course for your GE6, please never choose it. Only choose it when you think you REALLY want to study history. Note that though the title is "Film, Power and American History" we are mainly talking about history here.
Ross is a great professor who has a lot of experience and research with what he teaches. He keeps the class interesting and showed some great films. The class has tons of reading that almost become impossible to keep up with toward the end of the semester, as well as a large term paper. His TA's are very harsh graders though.
Professor Ross is a down to earth and friendly professor. He's very knowledgeable about the subject and is approachable.  However, there is upwards of 200 pages of reading each week and the term paper assigned is absolutely ridiculous. I would recommend a different G.E. because this class is not what one would expect from the catalog description.
Quite an interesting class. A lot of reading, but it's manageable if you break it up into chunks. You can't get away with not reading, though. Ross is a good professor, clear, and interesting, but tends to get on annoying liberal rants. He thinks he knows a lot about politics but he just comes off as an arrogant, raging liberal. Good class overall.
Professor Ross is an amiable fellow. He cracks jokes throughout lecture to keep you from drifting during the two hours. The movies are quite interesting. Watched silent films and old labor clips that I'd never have seen otherwise. The reading is manageable and usually fairly engaging.
Class is boring and you write a lot. You can probably get away with taking an easier GE class, but if you like old silent films and their political meanings then you may like it. I thought the subject was boring and you don't learn about film techniques at all.Too much reading and way too much writing and prep for it all.Ok if you cant get another.
He's nice, but the class is boring. I mean, it's history. Dont be fooled that you'll learn about old film techniques or anything, it's a stupid history class. 2 papers, one 10-15 pg term paper and a midterm and final involving at least 7 pages of writing in the bluebook. All you do is read, write and fall asleep in class. Hes ok though for a ge.
This is the worst class. If you know too much history you will fail for being too smart. Worthless teacher and TAs are not helpful either. Do not think this is going to be an easy GE. Avoid this class if possible. Horrible teacher, horrible semester
Generally straight forward class with LOTS of reading and a 10-15 page term paper. I didn't learn much in this class. His lectures are generally dry and always contain a liberal bias. If you are a moderate or conservative stay away from this guy. Don't take this class just because &quot;movies&quot; is in the title. I wouldn't recommend taking this class.
LOTS of reading, but generally clear and straightforward
The first half of the semester is miserable, you just sit and watch silent films and fall asleep. The second half gets more interesting. The reading is completely useless, I didnt open a single book the second half of the semester and got an A on the final. If you know basic american history you should be fine.
Steve Ross thinks he's all that, but he's actually a bit of a moron.  Class is easy, but you won't learn a lot.  Lots of reading but you don't need to do any of it if you don't want.
Easiest class I've taken at SC...and I learned a lot too
Interesting Lectures, a lot of reading -- but not all of it is necessary, pretty much lets you know what's going to be on midterm/final.
Very interesting course and enthusiastic lecturer.  There is alot of reading, but you can always haul ass before the exams and still do VERY well (I did).
No Comments
No Comments
A LOT OF READING! IF YOU HATE READING 100-200 pgs a week, don't take it.
No Comments
1387154	Diana	Williams	23
She is a great teacher and knows all her work really well. She is a bit disorganised and there is a lot to read. But it is very interesting and if you work hard you can get a good great. You should attended every class as it is very helpful and necessary for a good grade. 
don't take if you don't like history. it's a long class and sitting through lectures is really tough. do well on your papers and start ahead of time. midterm and final exam were easy if you went to clicker review sessions and knew all the terms on the term list she passed out before the midterm and final. she also gives out the essay prompts.
Avoid at all cost. She is nice but very disorganized and all over the place both during lectures and exam times. During the midterm multiple students including myself lost about 10-15 mins due to her lack of organization. TAs don't even like her. Lectures are also really long and she doesn't allow the use of laptops, so get ready to write! 
A nice lady, but her lectures are incredibly long and tedious. Doesn't put a lot of text on her slides, requires attendance, and gives a very large amount of reading per week, which you are expected to know for discussion. Would not recommend.
Great class, professors, and TAs(especially Stefan). Really into their work and make you think. Makes you open up your eyes and realize your "privilege" being born  a certain sex and skin color. Premed but want to minor in sociology now.  DEFINITELY recommend.  Burt it's NOT an easy A so if you are an entitled spoiled brat don't take it lol. :)
The class is not bad. It can be boring at times, but other times, the lecture contents can be interesting. The assigned readings are interesting as well. TA helps in clarifying the lecture materials. Overall, I would recommend taking this class. Believe it or not, you will leave the classroom thinking about US History different than before.
Diana is a sweet lady, and teaches well, ending lectures when she sensed people were losing interest. 2 midterms and a final, no papers. Essay prompts for tests are provided prior to tests and multiple choice sections are 100% made up from clicker questions asked at the beginning of class, which can be flirted out of over achievers. TAKE THE CLASS
AVOID. This GEVI is too difficult. Too much reading. Lectures are hard to follow. Sassy TA. Just avoid, you won't learn much.
Professor Williams is intelligent and knows her history very well, but her lectures are too saturated and quite disorganized. For a GE, I felt this course was too difficult. However, if you pay attention and take good notes, you should be fine. She is also very friendly and helpful during office hours.
Avoid her class. She is nice and all, but she is very disorganized! Extremely.Hard to follow her. She also misses a lot of class and claims to be sick. I'm not a disgruntled student, I just hated her class because she is disorganized, misses a lot, and goes all over the place. AVOID AVOID.
She clearly is very knowledgeable but her lectures are very hard to follow because she jumps around a lot and goes back and forth on timelines. She's very excited about the material though, but I would not recommend taking the class. It's hard to know what to study.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. 2 midterms and 1 final. cant be worse. Its only the 2nd yea she teach this course and the TA is new too and not helpful.
Professor Williams is a highly intelligent, harvard graduate who knows her stuff. She is AMAZING. Really cares about her students and helping them in any way. She encourages each and everyone and is always looking out for opportunities for them. She is sooo technologically aware and makes very nice powerpoint. She shows clips and historical images.
Her lectures lack structure but she really cares about the subject matter and is great at making it interesting.  I loved her and her class even though it was a lot of reading.
She is a great professor! She is big on one-on-one interaction with the students which is really nice. Lots of reading and writing. Definitely not a class for someone who is looking for an easy way out.
took her class. pretty great professor. she's really into all the material, which makes it interesting
The first couple lectures wasinteresting. After that, it all went downhill. There wasn't any structure  and the material was overwhelming. She also spent hours discussing her &quot;goals&quot; for the class. Waste of time. Exams were difficult, unless you read and memorized every single word. TAs didn't really help. Worked my ass off and got a B+. Avoid her.
There is no real structure of her lectures so it is hard to take thorough notes. Lectures don't relate to resdings so midterms suck.
Knowledgeable person. Really interested in her field of study just the lectures aren't really linked from one to the other. Not much structure to the lecture, but if you take notes and remember what she emphasizes then you'll do fine on the midterm
TERRIBLE teacher. Very unorganized and doesn't know anything about history. Takes 3 weeks to return a midterm that shouldn't have taken more than 1. She's a big know it all....DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER!
Won't allow use of laptops and is not incredibly interesting. Avoid
Hard class. Avoid her. Will make you write a lot
She was very nice, approachable, and available. She is very understanding. I would definitely take her class again!!
385745	Paul	Backer	23
It's been 20 years since I took his class, but it was one of the best I have ever taken. I am a college professor now, and I still think about Dr. Backer's outstanding lectures and what I learned in his class. State of the art.
Paul is such a nice guy and he means so well, but honestly, he talks in circles and is very wishy-washy. He is super into post-modernism and critical theory, so do not expect a concrete answer from him ever. I learned some neat factoids that I would not learn anywhere else, but I do not feel I learned anything profound about theatre history.
Paul is a great teacher and such a great guy to learn from. His knowledge of acting and other things too is really incredible and he really takes the time to make sure his students are doing well and learning in the class. I have really enjoyed this class and have learned a lot more than I expected to about my voice. Be open to learn.
Paul is a very genuine professor and I honestly learned a lot about my voice and just the basic techniques that regard us using our voice that I never knew of before. You learn to act, audibly speak in public, and even sing!
Paul knows more about theatre than anyone at the school, and he cares about the students as people and artists, not just as the people he has to talk at to get a check. Lectures can be a bit disjointed, but pay attention and you'll get tons of good information. Sees every single show, both official and student. More than a teacher - a mentor.
One of the most relaxing classes you could take. Super easy class, but also teaches you about any limitations you have in your voice. And I mean, Paul is so, so knowledgeable, so you're in good hands.
Paul is one of the smartest people to ever become a teacher. He's super into what he teaches which is awesome. Lectures can get a bit hard to follow because there is so much information but good class overall
To be honest, I rarely paid attention in class and have done just fine in the class. He's a nice guy and tries hard to engage his students, but it just doesn't hold your attention. Navigating his prompts for midterms and papers can be a nightmare, but if you have a competent T.A. you'll be fine.
Paul is very knowledgeable and enthusiastic, but the class is pointless. No one pays attention in lecture, it's impossible to follow what he's saying, and discussion section is a joke depending on your TA. It's too bad that you don't actually learn something in a required course for the major.
UGH. I wanted to like this class because Paul is super nice and really tries hard to engage his students but somehow the lecture material and presentation just didn't cut it. When I did attend class, I was bored and never really understood what was going on. Discussion section was the only reason I didn't ABSOLUTELY hate this class.
Good God. What is there to say about Backer. I guess I wouldn't know, since I spent every single one of his lectures on Facebook. Woe to those who are required to take this class. Worst class I have ever taken. Don't let them fool you; I didn't read a single play, didn't pay attention, didn't participate & got an A in the class. Waste of tuition.
His strengths are best displayed in acting classes. He tries hard for this class, but does not break through to me. His lectures are tough to follow and rarely causes you to be engaged with the readings.
He remains a great teacher who share a wealth of knowledge and really tries to help students succeed. He's readily available outside of class.
This is an extremely easy class.  Paul is a fantastic professor and friend.  However, the class doesn't need to be attended, and many people don't.  The class should be combined with another class.
He is a fun guy, and really loves what he is doing, but he can be a bit all over the place.
I love Paul.  He is such a wealth of knowledge and he's a big teddy bear.  I hope he is passing on his wisdom at this university for as long as possible.
Paul keeps the class interesting and entertaining. His tests are not extremely difficult, as long as you review the material. He has study guides for the exams and they are in 2 parts: objective (done in class), and subjective essays (taken home and to be turned in the following day). Paul is concerned about the student's education and likes to relate the history of theatre to modern images. The class is fairly simple, just show up so you can sign in (he takes attendance) and listen to his fast pace lecture
He never misses a show.  The most dedicated and supportive teacher in the whole school of Theatre.
No Comments
Great professor with great enthusiam.  Really wants his students to succeed!
Very nice, very helpful and kind.
Show diversity in Theatre History: Kabuki, Indian, Shakespeare-Comedia del arte
Great teacher with tons of enthusiasm.  Very knowledgeable.  I don't know how he knows so much.  Understanding teacher and fun class.
1357698	Joe	Anthony	23
Joe is by far the best professor I have had at USC. His passion and love for acting and for his students is very apparent and admirable. He doesn't sugarcoat anyone's performance, giving each individual his honest opinion on their performance, motivating you to push yourself past what you ever thought you were capable of.
Joe Anthony is one of the most inspirational and amazing acting teachers. His way of teaching is incredibly helpful and is also refreshing because it reminds us that acting is more than just obidding by a technique. His tremendous passion for what he does is so apparent and contagious that you can't help but leave his class feeling moved.
Joe Anthony's class has not only been a great experience for me as an actor, but as a person. He has genuinely changed my life in regards to my work ethic and professionalism. It is definitely a class that requires a lot of work, but it is worth it, considering the benefits. This class completely reinvigorated my love for acting.
One of the most inspiring people I will ever meet.
This teacher is the reason I understand acting as well as I do, and is why I chose to stay in the theatre major. Anyone who ever has a chance to take his class should. Any school would be lucky to have this professor, any student would be lucky to have this guide.
Joe Anthony has literally changed my life. He was the best acting teacher I have ever had and I would recommend his class to anybody. His class reminded me why I love acting and brought back the fun in acting. His technique is different but very understandable. Once you get it you wont turn back. He is amazing.
Joe has changed my life. Literally. The technique he teaches has allowed me to see the art of theater in an entirely different light that opens up millions of opportunities for improvement. I was skeptical at first, but when everything about his teaching clicked for me, my mind was blown and I'm never going back to how I acted before. Thank you Joe
This guy is nothing short of amazing. I have been working professionally for years but my eyes have been opened to a whole new approach to acting. He demands a solid work ethic and a great level of respect but it is always returned ten fold. He is a brilliant teacher and wise beyond any other I have studied with. Take this class its a privilege
Joe is seriously the best acting professor I have ever had.  He's the best professor at USC.  He pushes you hard but it gets you to places that you never even thought possible.  Not only did he make me a better actor, but he also made me want to stay in the School of Dramatic Arts, which is something I had been previously considering dropping.
I really enjoyed Joe's class and the methods he used to train me as an actor, and he is the person who helped me fall in love with acting. Joe teaches a clear process of how to connect to material and he cares about his students. I think he is the best and most passionate teacher in theater school and I want to take more classes with him.
Joe is an absolutely amazing professor, no doubt about it. He did a wonderful job forming a supportive creative environment in the classroom. He also pushes students to go beyond their comfort levels, which I find extremely important in order to grow as an actor. In the end,it seems he just wants you to have fun in his class and to have fun acting.
Joe was one of the highlights of my entire semester. I absolutely love his approach to acting and I feel like everyone should take at least one class with him to experience it. I learned so much more about acting and myself than I ever expected to.
Joe is difficult to those who are not open to new ideas. Give his suggestions a try and put effort into it, and you will find this to be your favorite classes. I know I did. His reputation on campus is incredible and I now know why. But be warned, do not take his class if you don't want to try out his methods.
Demands excellence, dedication and growth from students. Challenging. Sometimes gets angry and can be intimidating, but great guy when you get to know him. Acting theory based on imaginative exploration of characters and script (not academic), finding yourself in each character. Somewhat hard to grasp at first.  Fantastic class. Learned so much.
It's kind of his way or the highway, which can be difficult. Also, some of his suggestions come across more as personal attacks than ways to help us grow as artists. I did not feel like I was in a safe and supportive environment, which is what an acting class should feel like. It should inspire you to grow, not to shrink away.
To be able to take a course in acting from Joe Anthony is, not only an extreme privilege, but also one of the greatest educational steps an actor can take to forward themselves artistically and emotionally. Anyone who forgoes this opportunity is foolish. Bottomline: Joe Anthony will open your eyes and your heart in ways you didn't believe possible
Even though Joe does play favorites, it is very easy to become one of his favorites if you participate in class and demonstrate growth and commitment. He is an amazing acting coach and also really cares about his students. Take this class even if you are not a theater major! You can apply many of his lessons to acting an life in general.
Professor Anthony emphasizes simple--but sound--acting techniques, communicates with incredible clarity, and generally maintains a pleasant classroom environment.  He can be stubborn, however; and his grading process is utterly cryptic.  He's tough--and isn't one to offer many broad qualitative comments on your work--but teaches his students a lot.
Joe is hands down the best acting teacher at USC.  His insight and knowledge of the field are spot on and he really works with you help you grow as an actor.  He can be intimidating because he expects a lot out of you and tends to challenge your abilities but it's worth it.   I learned so much in his class.
The WORST teacher I has at USC to date. Very discouraging and does not listen to his students. I do not recommend him at all.
I hated him.  He had his favorites. He only cared about those few students and not about anyone else.  Not a dedicated teacher.
Joe is a fantastic teacher. Not only does he know what he's talking about, but he really helps students discover who they are at college.  His training is mostly in film so for those of you with a stage background it will be different but definitely a professor worth having. (and yes you may cry in this class for one reason or another)
Joe's awesome. He's incredibly brilliant and I would highly recommend him if you plan to pursue acting. However, he's not afraid to yell and scream at you if you're not understanding what he's saying or not doing the work. He's extremely intimidating (he made a couple people cry in my class) but a brilliant and life-changing acting teacher.
1203353	Christopher	Freeman	22
Professor Freeman is an amazing instructor. His passion for what he teaches clearly shows throughout each class meeting and he's easily accessible to his students, which I found super helpful. There are six books, but he picked these out not only to teach us something but also for us to enjoy! Probably one the best professors at USC!
Chris is a great teacher. LA Stories was easy, I read half the booksbut they're really good books too! Every class he has a discussion on the books and movies and as long as you participate (easy to do) and attend class, you're good. He grades easy on the essays as well. Really interesting class, I learned a lot.
This class is great, at least among the best I've taken at SC. Interesting reading, stimulating discussion in class, lots of freedom to write about things that interest you. Easy too, no final exam :) and if you're an LA native it's even better, I learned so much
LA Stories was by far my favorite GE and perhaps entire class of my USC career. I love the class structure and the course novels are easy reads paired with some really captivating stories. Chris is a really fun professor and his enthusiasm is so refreshing. I really wish I could enroll in his class again!
I had Chris for LA stories and he was the best teacher I've had so far at USC. All of the novels you read are really interesting (and also pretty short). In terms of essays he's usually pretty flexible with topics/encourages you to try new things. He's enthusiastic about LA & knows a ton about it so if you're interested, definitely take this class!
A lot of the class felt 'a mile wide and an inch deep' because we had so much material to cover. Reading never felt mandatory, which I think contributed to stagnant class discussions. Also, Freeman's essay comments are largely worthless... I definitely don't feel that this class helped me improve as a writer. Good for new English majors/minors.
Took LA Stories over the summer and this is one of the best classes I've taken at USC. Chris is such a nice guy and really knows what he's talking about. He's really helpful too. There are four or five readings over the semester that are actually good (and you don't need to finish them) and a couple movies. Highly recommend!
Chris is definitely one of the best professors at USC. He always makes class engaging and is an incredibly approachable and understanding person. He will always try to help students out if they ask. I've had two classes taught by him both great! Work load can be heavy but is really interesting!
Pretty good, knows his stuff, and he really encourages discussion in class. Also very helpful in office hours.
Easily my favorite class and favorite professor. The texts are extremely interesting, and class is always fun, never boring. Workload is light, and there's no midterm/take home final. TAKE THIS CLASS!
I have taken two classes with Chris and he is definitely my favorite professor. His classes are engaging and fun and he has a great disposition and teaching style. The workload is light--just two essays and some really interesting weekly reading. If you don't take a class with Chris, you'll miss out on one of the best professors at USC.
Freeman is one of my favorite professors at USC. He is approachable and fun. His class is held seminar style and the discussions are extremely interesting. Readings are fun and never a pain to complete because they are so interesting. One of the best classes and profs at USC - for sure! Doesnt hurt that Freeman is also very good looking!
Chris is one of the best and most engaging professors I've had at USC. He has an excellent disposition and humor, and stays on task without us even realizing that we're learning. I don't think I've ever not enjoyed a moment of his class.
Great teacher, great class. One of my favorites at USC.
Chris is an awesome professor and LA Stories has to be the best Arts & Letters class you can possibly take. We read 5 novels and various other texts/movies that are all really interesting so they don't feel like work. There are only a couple of papers and a presentation of your choice. HIGHLY recommended.
LA Stories is an amazing section to choose from the Arts & Letters category. This is mainly because Chris Freeman is one of my favorite professors and I would even love to retake this class, just so I can be in his class some more. His lectures and readings are very interesting and he is simply a &quot;cool&quot; guy :)
I absolutely love this class. I have nothing negative to say. It's the only class I never dread attending, even when I have a paper or project due. He's extremely helpful and will chat if you ever need to. He taught me so much about LA, but all in an interesting manner. HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIS CLASS.
LA Stories is a great class. Professor Freeman picked out some great texts which really gave me a better understanding about LA. The class is very engaging and fun at the same time. One of my favorite classes so far. Professor Freeman is an awesome teacher.
Prof. Freeman is an extremely engaging teacher and has a wealth of knowledge about Los Angeles.  Los Angeles Stories was one of my favorite classes at SC and I highly recommend it to everyone (especially those from out of state like myself).
Honestly, LA Stories is awesome.  Chris is an amazing professor.  He teaches you about your surrounding city--and its reaaaaally interesting.  And he is really nice and humorous, too! LOVE LOVE LOVE the class...HIGHLY recommended! :)
Not only super nice but super nice to look at too! He's fun and engaging and gives you so much room to pretty much make the class whatever you want it to be.
He was really funny and nice and I would recommend anyone to take this class.  I read most of the books and the essays were easy to write since there were not really any prompts, you can write on whatever.  He's a pretty easy grader as well.
327909	Carl	Voigt	22
Awesome!
He is pretty engaging. It's awesome to be in his class. 
Take his class, its probably the best I've taken at USC.
This professor is amazing. I think he is one of the best lecturers at USC. Why?  Because he makes it interesting. He has you on the edge of your seat with his inspirational stories about how to strategically start your own company.  He is so animated,  that you will remember every word from his lectures.  I would take him a million times over. 
Great professor with tons of experience and knowledge about global strategy. Very difficult class, but also very rewarding. He comes off as (jokingly) offensive, but that's just because of his Kiwi humor and desire to help prepare his students for careers in this field. Highly recommended, but be aware there will be a lot of work involved.
Carl does have a side of him that can sometimes rub people the wrong way. He can be short and his openness can be conceived as rudeness. That being said, he is one of my favorite professors in all of Marshall. I traveled to Argentina with him as a part of the course and being able to learn his perspectives on international business was invaluable.
Despite his rudeness, the worst part of his class for me was that he does seemed to have no idea what he was talking about. The class does all the discussion for him, He barely stands there doing nothing and but summing up everything using wrong statements and concepts making everything in a mess
Very determined to provide you a valuable learning experience. Has lots of funny and interesting stories to tell which makes the class more interesting. One of the better classes that I've taken at USC.
The people who are complaining about the rudeness are the ones who did not come to class prepared. Plain and simple. Do the readings, be expected to get called on, and make relevant contributions in class.  Yes, he cold calls and yes it stinks being called on and looking unprepared but he is hands down a fabulous prof. Everyone can agree to that.
If more teachers in the American education system were as engaging, yet demanding in their instruction as Professor Voigt... and as knowledgeable in the field... we'd be #1 in every category in the world.
best teacher in usc marshall. you will actually learn how to implement theories in real life, instead of pure memorization. must take!
In all my years at USC, this is the only class that is actually worth the time and money. You learn Global Business strategies and how intricate companies work, you also spend 2 nights in Mexico to see how many businesses in Mexico work as well. Overall best class I ever took, take him!
The best tuition money i've ever spent USC!!!! The BEST!!!! Extremely nice, helpful and cool!!! Veyr knowledgable, and interesting! He will keep ur attention  on the topic ALL the time
Oh man.  Not good.
Worthless class. Was interested in topic beforehand but not anymore. Professor makes offhand **** remarks and rambles for twenty minutes at a time.
Best value for the money. Demanding and willing to challenge the California couch potato mentality that permeates the school. His grading is very fair and content based. One of the best teachers I've had at USC.
AMAZING teacher. Hands down the BEST teacher I ever had in my 20 years of schooling.
Excellent.  He makes sense.  His teaching style is clear and he is extremely passionate about what he does.  His attitude is fun.  Anyone calling his attitude curt is just too sensitive and needs to lighten up (and probably come to class prepared).  He will make you pay if you don't come prepared and that's how it should be... You will learn a lot from this guy.
Mexico and China in one semester&#63; That's enough to get my sold on this class.  Have fun with the case studies, they are long and pretty boring, but you don't have a final in the class and most of the projects revolve around BUAD 497's format
Excellent professor.  You have to participate in class discussions though!
He is the nicest guy and his lectures are amusing as well as educational. I would definetely recommend him to anyone. And in this class you get to go to Mexico AND China!!
Voigt doesn't belong in a classroom.  He is brash, snide, curt, rude, and treats his class as if they are middle schoolers.  I would be surprised if he came up with his own lesson plan.  He is scattered and it takes him forever to return papers.
421320	Richard	Eastin	22
Don't take Professor Eastin's class. He moves 3x faster than the other econ professors and relies heavily on the book. If you don't read the book you will not pass! he quizzes on things that are not discussed in lecture and highly favors the people who speak in class. ONE OF THE WORST PROFESSORS I HAVE EVER HAD!
Prof Eastin is a really nice guy and always wants to help you and clarify anything. Microecon is not the easiest material nor the most interesting but would definitely recommend Eastin for 351
He is a good professor. He does his best to make the class interesting, despite the extremely dry subject matter.
Prof. Eastin is a great guy. Class is tough no matter who you take it with, but he tries to make the class less boring. He keeps it interesting by cracking jokes that are actually pretty funny. Overall the man is a 10/10 but the class content is a 4/10
Good teacher, definately not an easy class. Its an abstract subject but it certainly has its applications in the real world, as it provides you with a deeper understanding of how prices and value is created and set.
This professor is great. He makes lectures interesting. His teaching methods are amazingly effective and his knowledge is almost effortlessly passed on. I got an A. He also tells good jokes and is a good person himself. He'll teach why taxes are bad using graphs! :P
It was a very boring subject matter/class, he tried to make it better but it was still boring and I thought he went over the material quickly... However, I ended up with a B but im sure a lot of people did too
Professor Eastin is a really nice guy and tries to make the material applicable/interesting. With that being said, this is probably one of the driest courses i've taken in Marshall. I would still recommend Eastin though if you decide to take 351. Because of the curve, its not hard to get a good grade in his class.
Eastin is a good teacher but the subject matter is really hard and completely inapplicable to anything in real life, which makes the class really dry and boring.
The class is really hard but you learn a lot!
Great teacher.
Technical but helpful class.
No Comments
Eastin is very technical and is in love with his graphs.  He tries to relate the graphs to real life situation, and does so successfully most of the time.  The class is challenging, for sure.
Great professor, learned alot from him.
Easily the best professor I had at USC and one of the best overall. Excellent and very helpful teacher; he's one of the few that can give you a good insight and intuition on a relatively dry topic (Microeconomics). His human side is equally stellar. To sum it up, he's not only a credit to USC; the same would apply to any school.
He has no insights into real world business pratices, and he literally teaches right out of the book. If he's still using the Pindyck book, then skip his lectures, read the study guide (the book with the chapter summaries and sample problems), and you should do fine. He adds no value to the course.
Great teacher and human being.  An asset to Marshall.  Makes really good Shiraz too.  Well, the grapes anyway.
He drew graphs with more lines than a party at a cocaine dealer's mansion.  However, his demonstration of elasticity using the popular 60's dance move, &quot;The Monkey,&quot; was remarkably effective.
Prof Eastin is the best prof I had at USC. I believe he won the teacher apple award. I remember on the last day of lecture, the students were clapping hands, applausing his excellent in teaching. He taught very concise and clear. it's not an easy class, but it is worth it.
No Comments
A piece of work. Eastin knows little about the bus world. He's taught all his life, but has no practical experience. Avoid him if you want to learn something.
1567597	Navdeep	Mundi	22
awesome professor. definitely one of the best classes i've ever taken at USC. i'd take the class again if i could. business students if u can take a class by Professor Mundi, do it! papers are chill & office hours are helpful.
Terrible Professor. Extremely not helpful before any paper is due and tough on attendance. Do NOT take her class if you only think writing can ONLY be used to negotiate your salary. Also, just DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS.
Prof. Mundi is the kind of professor who cares about her students & wants them to succeed! Not a hard class, just a bunch of busy work. Good cases, easy papers, & fun discussions  mostly.  
Professor Mundi  is a wonderful prof! The class was actually a pleasure. She's incredibly engaging & has a great sense of humor. The course itself is not very demanding; one paper a week based on cases, three research papers, & a fun group project (blogging). That's it. She's a fair grader & gives you good feedback that can use. Highly recommended.
Very sweet professor for the class. She loves her students & is very passionate about teaching therefore lectures are interesting and go by quick. The group project is super fun! You won't need the book totally, but it's always in the library. You need to put in revising time, but otherwise, it's fairly easy.
Good class. Easy papers. You get to choose your topics, too. I dropped from another Marshall version, but this was more managable with the time assignments load & time.
Like, like, like! It's easy if you follow the prompts. Don't buy the book, just grab an old copy. Fun cases & you get to pick your topics. Never boring. Pretty chill grader, too. Shes awesome!!! Take her cos' class is laid back with   lots of useful information.
She's really nice and helpful. She's straightforward with you and wants to help her students. She wants to make the experience as painless as possible considering it is WRIT 340! But after the first few weeks of thinking you might hate her, you'll love her! She's nice and gets to the point. An excellent option for writ 340!
Keeps class interesting. Weekly papers are interesting & based on real life case studies. Better than a boring book. If you practice writing every week, you'll do fine. You get to choose your topics, which also makes it better. Easy to get an A if you get help from the Writing Center. Worth the time!
Awesome class!!! I hate you have to take Writ340, but she's extremely nice, helpful, and easy. Hands down one of my favorites. The material is also very interesting. Take it with her and you won't regret!
Liked the class way more than I thought I would. Prof Mundi makes it way more interesting. She's a smart cookie!!! Good tips for your résumé, too. I got a callback after fixing up my cover letter! You gotta keep up with the work, but its not hard to do that.
Compared to other WRIT Professors, she makes you write. And I mean write your ass off. It's useful, sure, but it take a lot of time away from other classes. I wish she would just soften up some times. To get an A, you have to be a great write already, or some type of over achiever. Ugh. so much writing....
Took the class last year & liked it now because I'm actually doing the stuff Prof Mundi said I'd be doing in work. Liked the blog project. Was really fun & helpful to take to my interviews! Papers are easy because you can pick your topic!!! Same for the group project!!! Highly recc!!!
Really super nice prof! I like the class becoz she makes it interesting. No book really, but the cases are cool. The blog project helped me start my own! Best business class at Marshall!!!
Cool prof, easy reading, & interesting stuff. Blog project was totally helpful cos' now I can put it on my resume. Papers are way shorter than other versions. Prof Mundi is actually kinda cool & makes the work fun. That's what really counts.
A free B class. However, if you want to get an A, you have to work HARD
GREAT instructor. She made learning fun. I loved the group blogging project. Didn't think I would enjoy an business course but Prof Mundi made a believer out of me! Strongly Recommend! Even if you're not a MArshall major.
Way better than some of the stuffy profs in Writ 340. Prolly cos' she's so damn young & fun. Class is lots of writing, but not hard. Just kind of time-consuming, really. No final exam,no book, & no boring papers. You learn alot of fun stuff of marketing, too. Group project was cool, too!!! Worth the 8am section & early mornings!!! Taker her!!!
Prof. Mundi is an amazing teacher. She really knows what she is talking about. If you talk to her and go to her office hours, I guarantee you will get a good grade and a better understanding of business writing. Take her class since its required - you will do your self a big favor.
Take Ms Mundi's class!!! Awesome introduction to marketing and writing stuff. It's a lot of work, for sure, but she makes it interesting, since it's a required class. I like her vibe cos she really spends time with you to help you learn advanced writing for the real world. Great professor & cute, too!!!
Since this is a required course, take Prof Mundi!!! You get to learn about what real world companies do & how to write up a killer cover letter!!!! She's really nice, helpful & keeps the class interesting! the marshall class is MUCH better than the other versions, too.
It's a busy course but not hard, cos you have do write assignments almost every week. But she makes it worth the while with cool biz topics & fun papers. And she helps you with cover letters & resumes! Worth the effort!!!
1639966	Thomas	Ryan	22
Very Enthusiastic Professor. Lectures are informative and is where most of the quiz questions come from. 60% of your grade comes from 4 short 15 minute quizzes. Study for those and you will do well!
Professor Ryan is the best teacher I have had yet
I was a non-businessaccounting major that is now pursuing a career in the accounting field because Prof. Ryan's class piqued my interest. Focuses on current events, gives career advice, and is a helpful and positive professional reference for recruiters. Knowledgeable, helpful, and likes to cheer, "Fight ON" to make sure you are awake! 
Professor Ryan is the most helpful and responsible professor I have ever met at USC. In his class, interaction with him in class is very important. If you follow his step and do homework, it is not hard to make a good grade. Also, he cares more on our performance in future careers. I learn things that are very important for my future from him.
Professor Ryan is great. Clearly puts a great deal of effort into his lectures, invites several guest speakers who are successful industry practitioners,  and always keeps the class engaged. If you put in the work and pay attention in class, you will do well. He is a very fun and high-energy guy.  I wish there were more professors like him.
This class was the worst. No intuition on how the quizzes are going to be like, no room for error, lectures are long and boring (made worse by the professor's terrible jokes and tendency to shout out "GREAT!" all the time), and you pretty much learn nothing. I regret taking this class, but I have no choice since Leventhal made it mandatory. 
The quizzes are what drives your grade, yet 1)he doesn't give you practice 2)doesn't show you how calculations are done 3) tests you on things that he clearly did not go over in class and 4) doesn't give old quizzes back to show you where you made mistakes. And his habit of making terrible jokes, and randomly calling students I can do without. 
Lectures are boring and completely pointless. Be prepared to get your name called out at random. 60% of your grade depends on 4 quizzes that contains a total of 40 MCs and there is no practice problem to get prepared. Good luck if you are not a good test taker.
His Accounting 377 class is the biggest waste of time in all of Leventhal.  He goes over topics that get covered much better in other classes, and he gets really obnoxious when he yells out "GREAT" all the time. There's also no room for error for the quizzes, despite them being worth 60% of your grade. This class is NOT GREAT. Plus his jokes suck. 
Passionate teaching style. You won't get bored when listening to the complex accounting standards. The lectures of guest speakers will definitely open your eyes. He is also very helpful for your study and career. Just try one of his courses and you will love it.
Amazing professor. Extremely sharp and insightful. At the beginning of each class he talks about important business news from WSJ, which makes you think and apply knowledge from the classroom in the real world situation.  He was a partner at PWC before joining USC, so you may benefit from his career advice as well. Do H.W., then you will ace. 
He explains very clearly in class and make sure to provide with numerous examples. Also willing to help students after class. The class wouldn't be hard as long as you do the online assignments.
He is entertaining & enthusiastic. But, he talks about the same stuff over and over in class, then doesn't even touch on some of the other topics. Also, gives you nametags and forces you to participate and finish his sentences like you are a mind reader. Over all, not bad, but just be prepared.
Ryan brings energy to every class, wants you to succeed, and is well connected in various industries. Homework is done online - not hard - and is the basis for the midterm/final. He also brings in incredible speakers almost every week. In fact, I work at PwC now because of a speaker (Partner at PwC) who I met in Ryan's class. Definitely take him.
Awesome professor. He is definitely one of the best professor you will ever have in USC. Very easy to talk to, and he will do his best to help you out in all situation whether it's class material or personal recommendations.
Very passionate professor that is easy to talk to. And an excellent source assistant even after the class is over.
It's useful to get the intro level accounting. The professor emphasize more on practical knowledge, but the test is really about the online assignment. I got not good grade in midterm because I didn't go over the assignment. But he can explain the textbook in very clear way, and use more office hour.
All homework is done online. Barely covers the topics you are tested on and instead talks about the same things in the news and how what you are (supposed to be) learning is applicable to your life, career, role as a citizen, etc. Avoid him if you can. Not hard, but not worth the pain of listening to him.
Get ready to learn and be tested repeatedly on such great accounting knowledge as what's in the news, what's in the syllabus and how it relates to your careers. Easy class. He does not need 2 hours to teach this class, only talks about accounting for 1 hour, which is material that you have to study and are tested on before he teaches it anyways.
Text/homework for this course was not great. Many of the concepts in the homework are not in the book. A stronger text would make this a way more useful class, given that most of the lectures are a mix of career advice/and the news and not accounting. Might just  be because I'm not a business major... Majority of the class was.
Really easy class. Content is really dumbed down because it's a minor class. Somewhat a waste of time and money.
clear explanations, fair tests, and cool guest speakers.  He's the best prof I've had at SC so far, and he's hilarious- take him!
665017	Vincent	Farenga	22
What an inspirational Professor! I took this course as a GE and loved the lectures! He is very philosophical and talks about the meaning of "Self" and "Soul". If you have the slightest interest in Classics, History, Philosophy, and you are an opinionated person take his class! TAKE NOTES! one thing:The TAs decrease the quality of the course!
Farenga was a TERRIBLE professor. He was extremely rude to students. His lectures lasted the full hour and a half every time and I fell asleep during most of them. The TA's were terrible and graded very hard. The grading is so subjective that you can be the best student ever, reading everything, and still walk away with a very poor grade. AVOID!!!!
There's no denying that Farenga knows his subject matter inside and out. It's clear that he takes pride in his academic achievements, to a point where I would say he's quite arrogant and condescending towards students. This class was bearable, but I will avoid taking another class from him ever again. Not a nice guy.
Farenga has a passion for the literature and philosophy of this class, and it shines through. This class was far from in my interest group, but he made it relatively interesting. He also grades REALLY easily, so you can write a terrible essay and be fine. If you do the reading (kind of a lot) you WILL get an A, and it fulfills the GE I requirement.
To get A-B+ - Sparknote all the books with the Focus Questions or Quiz Questions - What isn't answered in Sparknotes, he'll clarify in class because his lectures are based on answering those questions.  - Speak in discussions (easy) - Write your papers intelligibly, if you're going to read a book or two, base your writing off that one. 
THIS CLASS IS THE MOST ANNOYING CLASS EVER. Do not take it. You have to read a book each night and all the lectures are so boring it is worthless to go.
Farenga was a bit over the top with his voice. He enunciated  too much, and it was bothersome. His style of teaching wasn't enjoyable either. He would re-read the text in his dramatic voice and then explain what the text meant (at a somewhat summarizing way). He is very passionate about classic literature, though. So that was a plus.
Professor Farenga is a little melodramatic. He likes to talk a lot about souls and the meaning of life but does not provide much insight. Overall an easy enough class, very nice person, really helpful office hour
Really interesting professor. Has a wealth of knowledge on Alexander the Great. Lectures and discussions are engaging, but some class projects could be better organized. Extremely friendly- a great professor to get to know. Two papers, a midterm, and a final. Both tests are all essay questions.
He's the quintessential passionate college professor. He never failed to deliver engaging lectures and clearly loves his job. He's very understanding and willing to help, and also easy! Attendance is lax and grades tests fairly. Note that he is a Comp Lit professor so you can't slack off on the essays. DO NOT TAKE PASS/FAIL
I had Farenga for Masters of Power: 10 Ancient Lives. He is a traditional-British-style professor, in a good way. Your grade is based only on essays: 3 4-page ones for homework, and 3 200-word ones for the midterm and final each. Pay attention to everything he says in lecture; any of it could be a topic for an essay!
Listening to lectures is very important; all exams questions are based on lectures and the professor doesn't use ppt. if you review  the blackboard material, it will be easy to get good score
best teacher I had first year.
He is a cool dude who made a boring subject actually interesting.  I would take another class from this guy
he keeps the class interesting.  if you keep up with the assignments, you will do okay, but it is hard to get an A.  great class for filling a gen ed
Prof. Farenga is really a nice guy, really confident, tries to make you think.  He's like your dad's best friend.  It's a hard class, but I learned alot.  I did not think that I would be interested, but he kept the class interesting
Farenga is pretty entertaining. It was basically story time for an hour and fifteen minutes. I can't say I'm that interested in classical Greece, but I enjoyed the class. During the first half of the semester, there were short answer quizzes, then essays for the second half, but preparing for them is not too bad.
Very passionate about the subject. Pretty entertaining because he walks around the classroom while he is teaching. Pretty friendly, tries to make the class as exciting as possible for a Gen-Ed. Would recommend taking it to complete Gen Ed requirement.
teaches straight from the book...tests are essay based but you can prepare for them in advance...its a very creative oriented class where you would make something up and explain why it could have happened based on events and personalities...the prof is a bit arrogant. discussion groups are a must b/c he does really explain much in detail
Stay away from this professor. Exams are very hard. (You have to identify quotes from the readings). However, essays aren't too difficult. Although flamboyant, Farenga is arrogant and even rude to his students. He actually stopped teaching and cut class short one day because a student got up during his lecture. Not a class I would suggest at all.
Easy to get a B. Hard to get an A. Not that much reading. But attending lectures is a must!
No Comments
798241	Saty	Raghavachary	22
Prof. Saty is my favorite, EVER! Never had anyone quite like him. He has this amazing and rare combination of clarity, intelligence, compassion, humor and humility, so awesome to see. Lucky to take 101 with him, I know I am set for life with all the things we are learning. HIGHLY RECOMMEND this class (heck, ANY class!) from the prof.
easy homeworks, one test, overall a really light courseload. Saty is always energetic and wants to make programming fun, which he actually does
OMG he's GREAT! This is my first prog. class EVER, I'm a non-CS major (Econ). Prof. Saty is incredibly clear in his presentations, I UNDERSTAND Python 100% thanks to him. Heck, if this continues I might consider declaring a CS minor, lol. If I do, Prof. Saty, would you please be my advisor? USC, could Prof. Saty teach ALL of our classes?! RESPECT  
My first CS course, and a programming one too! Was dreading it, but now I don't have to. Prof. Saty has already convinced me through his lectures that Yes, I can do this! Thank you prof. Looking forward more Python amazements as the term progresses.   Oh, and you are funny, sweet and kind :)
BEST prof I have come across. I transferred to USC from MIT, he is better than anyone I have had from both schools. Dr. Saty has fueled my passing interest in CG and made it into a career ambition. I used to think that CG was hard, and therefore ignored it. But now, I realize it is hard but doable and likable too. Thank you, Dr. Saty.
He's  awesome, funny and clear about the topics.
Awesome.
one of the best
Easily the best of the best. Our dear "Prof. Saty" just rocks. Crystal clear lectures, awesome slides, great humor, ultra helpful. His "BigFD" data science lectures were The Bomb. He has gobs of industry experience and a truckload of degrees, but is so freaking humble. I am grad student, hoping to be like him someday. USC: hire more profs like him.
Awesome professor..
One of the best professors i have across in my entire educational career !
Best professor so far. Good knowledge.
Great Lectures. Makes lectures interesting to attend .  Assignments are also cool.
Great teacher! Makes the subject very interesting
An excellent professor, very enthusiastic about the subject and highly knowledgeable. Has an answer to any question asked!! Very clear in teaching. Assignments are fun to do though take some time. Exams are easy and interactive ;). I wish every professor at USC was like Saty!!
This class just went through a major reorganization. Assignments are complex and extremely math heavy, exams are trivially difficult, half of the class is comprised of grad students. NO LONGER 4.8 easiness...
I have yet to meet a professor who is better in any way than Prof. Saty - he brings to the classroom, a valuable industry (DreamWorks!) perspective, is so humble, smart+nice+funny. His explanations of &quot;difficult&quot; CG concepts are GOLD. He needs to write books to crystallize all that wisdom. Oh wait - he already has! Prof. Saty, you ROCK. God Bless.
Prof. Saty = God. Smart, funny, nice - doesn't get better than this. Easily the best class I have ever taken at USC. And he does this part-time! Amazing.
Incredibly good at getting concepts across, very patient, helpful, cheery (what DOES he eat for breakfast daily&#63;). Possibly this is the very best class of all my 4 years of undergrad. Prof. Saty inspires me to do graduate work in CG, something I am seriously considering. HE IS THE BOMB.
Dr. Saty is an &quot;one and only&quot;. Before him, I used to think that CS SUCKED, lost all interest in it. But he completely changed my outlook. With his wisdom, smiles and energy and good nature, I'm sure he has made a mark on many of my classmates. USC needs to CLONE him! Thanks for everything, Prof. Saty.
BEST prof. I have ever had in my 4 years at USC. He is GOLD. I have never seen a better combination of knowledge, passion and wit. Genuinely smart, genuinely nice.
* smart * funny * stimulating * helpful * energetic  Run, don't walk, to sign up and enjoy his class. BEST class I ever took at USC!
1621242	Ergin	Bayrak	22
I've been attending classes and doing the reading and it's been going pretty well for me so far. I also went to him with some questions during office hours and he was really helpful. Also seems like a pretty cool guy if that counts for anything!!
Yes sometimes he's lacking energy, but that just his personality. He is willing to help and if you ask question and are attentive he is actually a good teacher. The nature of the course is that you have to read along with the lectures. He isn't going to spoon feed you. Very little homework but the homework you do have you need to ace. Study hard!!!
He is so bad. You can never be well-prepared for the quiz because There are always tricky and uncovered question. You must have a textbook. The grading standard is strange, too. He said he will curve but not curve in the business school way which means 20 percentage will fail, but you will never know how he curves in his own "way".
Often came across as arrogant and disinterested in students.   Not very helpful or approachable.  The quizzes are tough and the midterm was brutal, but the final was surprisingly easy. 
Very helpful, and explains everything clearly and makes sure everyone understand the material. The best Econ professor I had at USC.
Lecture vs. Quiz vs. Exam weren't very consistent. Lecture slides straight from book. Grades were curved but never revealed curve so grade was a mystery until final grade. Pretty nice guy, but wish he was a better professor. Go to his and TA's office hours so they know your face!
He teaches very fast, is unclear, and quizzes and tests us on concepts he doesn't cover. To top it off no one can read his writing. When I ask for help during his office hours he is still unhelpful. The TA is very condescending when it comes to asking for help. DO NOT TAKE any class with him
Not recommended... He has no energy in teaching; often I found he more reluctant to stay in the classroom than most of us did. Class was super dry, and the materials got more confusing. Better LEARN BY YOURSELF if you ever choose his class.
Least helpful teacher that I have ever had.  It is essentially self-taught microeconomics.  He rushes through the material and doesn't explain the calculations.  He is also mean in his emails and clearly doesn't care AT ALL about teaching this class.  Whatever you do don't take this class.
5 quizzes, 5 assignments, midterm, and final. He wants you to really understand the core concepts and he goes really fast - there's a lot to cover. He puts a philosophical spin on concepts, which makes it more interesting. You really need to know the concepts well to answer exam questions.
Be ready to teach yourself. Textbook is a must. Exams are pretty difficult and homework assignments are usually due on the same day as exams, so you don't really get a chance to review answers in class before the test. He is knowledgeable, but not too approachable. Flies through the material and expects you to pick it up right away.
The class is pretty difficult, and the teacher doesn't make it particularly interesting either. He explains the simple concepts decently but then does a bunch of math without really explaining and just saying "its just algebra". It's not too hard to get a B- by reading the textbook but on quizzes there are lots of grades in the 20-40% range.
He is one of the worst teachers I've ever had. He blows through the material, sometimes covering multiple chapter in 1 day. His graphs are messy and he makes it nearly impossible to take notes. Doesn't explain anything clearly, yet expects us to know complicated concepts that he barely covers. Gives quizzes on different days than he says in class.
Self taught microeconomics. This guy literally reads off the power point provided by the textbook company. He clearly doesn't care at all about teaching because he doesn't event try.
Bayrak is very approachable, he wants to help you.  His quizzes and tests are semi-difficult so I would recommend studying the examples he gives in lecture and reading the book. Going to class isn't mandatory but doesn't hurt either. I put in decent effort and got a B-. Oh, and am I the only one that thinks he's hot???
Dont waste your tuition dollars taking bayrak's class. He reads off power point slides everyday and no one goes to class. It doesn't help that the material is difficult. I had to teach myself out of the book. He would even get confused the few times he tried to show an example and clearly didn't really know that much about his own subject.
He doesn't explain concepts well and teaches fast because there is a lot of material to cover. I aced this class but that's because I taught myself from the textbook.
He seems goes really fast sometimes in class, but that's because there is so much content in the book. Tests and homework are not &quot;easy&quot;, but talk to him during office hour--hardworking student always gets back what he/she deserves.
He's nice. But he's terrible at explaining stuff. Get ready to do a lot of math. In class he makes it sounds like math isn't that big a deal, but the way he designs his quizzes and exams, learning how to do the math seems to be more important then the economics. 1 midterm, 5 quizzes and homeworks and 1 final exam.
Horrible at explaining concepts. You can tell he knows the material but he just shouldn't be a teacher. When you ask him a question on something he just explained he confuses what he just covered and always makes mistakes. You will learn more from reading the textbook rather than going to class.
Already a difficult subject and he makes it more difficult than it should be. He cares about his students and will always go out of his way to explain things, but we are tested on material that we don't fully cover in class. 5 homework assignments, 5 quizzes, two midterms (incl. final).
An amazing professor who commits to his his students. He always makes sure we understand the material before moving forward. Take advantage of his office hours - he is really there to help you whenever needed. Feel free to ask questions -  you will always end up understanding his material. Every class I attended was worth it, try not to miss   out!
385794	Lawford	Anderson	22
Great, great professor. Very funny, however his exams are lecture based but a lot of Q's come from previous midterms. I met lots of friends on his camping trip and it was great, despite initial reservations. Unfortunately, according to his FB, he's leaving after this semester. :( Whoop! Dr. A!
LOVE Dr. A! He makes class really fun! Tests are based mostly on lecture, somewhat difficult, but worth it!
Great professor. He made the class so much more interesting and I actually enjoyed his lectures.
Amazing professor! As a freshman he made me so excited to be in college. His lectures are interesting and the camping field trip was crazy. (He likes his &quot;soda.&quot;) DR. A is da bomb! WHOOP WHOOP! Just do the practice tests and try to get Chris Hames as your TA. Chris is so cool and chill as well.
Lawford is very interested in what he teaches, which is both good and bad.  It is good because he really draws you into the subject, but it is bad because he doesn't always bring the material down to your level.  He tends to go really fast, but all in all he is a great teacher and very nice!
LOVE Dr. A.  He's so funny and nice and really knows how to relate to his students. I wish all profs as SC could be this kind and entertaining!
Lawford is hilarious and the reason I go to class.  He's ridiculously down to earth and makes everything easy to understand.  My favorite teacher I've had in college by far.
He's awesome. his tests are easy he gives sends out a testbank before each test and 90% of the questions on the actual exam is on there. not hard at all. field trip is good experience. great class. very informative. gotta take a ge 3 cat. take this one definitely!!
definitly requires attending class.  unfortunately lots of studying is involved but he is a very interesting man to listen too.
he was helpful and understanding. lectures were clear and he understood that this was a GE. fair.
Dr. A is a Balla!
Dr. A. is great! He cares a lot about his students, and makes learning fun. He realizes that most people take his course because it's a GE, so he doesn't make the material too technical. At the same time, though, he provides a valuable learning experience.
Dr. A is awesome. He's the most fun, caring professor I've ever had...and the campout rocks. Class is always entertaining WHOOP WHOOP!!
This guy is as genuine as a 3 dollar bill.  It's not supposed to be a popularity contest.  He's not really everyones best friend.
Lawford freaking rules!
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
Lawford was very inspiring and the camping trip was the best. Take his class for one of your GE's!
Excellent teacher.  My favorite teacher in the sciences department.  You will love him.  The tests are tough.
1642149	Lindsay	O'Neill	22
Professor O'Neill gives study guides before the test that outline exactly what will be on it. There is one midterm and a final. 3Papers(Short and easy). There are pop-quizzes pretty often but they are super easy and not worth a lot. I started studying for the 8am final at 3am and got an 88%. Got a B+ in the class but could've gotten an A if I tried
She's such an enthusiastic professor! Her lectures were interesting and I actually enjoyed taking notes in class. The downside is you have to go to all the lectures because she gives out 10 vocab pop quizzes over the semester that everyone gets 100% on. They're just there for attendance. Easy midterms. Easy final. DEFINITELY TAKE THIS CLASS I
Erika the TA was great. Super helpful. She basically saved my semester in this class. I recommend this class if you have to meet a GE requirement. Emergence of modern history was not a difficult class.
Lecture is lively, good prof with good energy but I'm torn on 327, interesting stuff but sometimes the lecture materialpace can be off. A couple of times, we've run out of time to cover everything. The film clips aren't always interesting & there seems to be an over emphasis on novels rather than scholarly, which leaves me confused as to context. 
She's a great professor who inspired me into the world of history. One of the classes that I would never miss and her grading is reasonable. Easy participation grade and 10 identification quizzes which can be bothersome but not difficult if you just attend the classes. 
AWESOME PROFESSOR. AWESOME TA. Both enthusiastic about the course and Professor O'Neill is very witty and funny. You will not be bored during lecture and there are required readings but bearable. Before this class, I didn't know i would actually enjoy a history class
Never a dull day of lecture in the class, always an injection humor and laughs. Gave a 3 star on the easiness, however an A is more than possible. Always helpful in office hours. Sometimes I find myself put off by the reading b/c it can turn into NOVEL CENTRAL, but even they are interesting, was hoping for a balanced mix of textbook for context.
Prof O'Neill's injection of humor into her lectures makes class very interesting. Class is moderately difficult and she is a tough grader, but she is very easy to talk to and helpful.
AWESOME! She is a great teacher! You learn a lot, she is super interesting and funny. She makes the class really fun. I have taken 4 of her classes and I love her. Only teaches British history. She is a fair but tough grader, but there are plenty of opportunities for extra credit. TAKE HER CLASSES!
I've had a lot of classes with Professor O'Neill, and I keep taking more because she's great! She's one of the most interesting and entertaining lecturers I've had, and she's also great at facilitating discussion. She's great to talk to in office hours, and is really interested in what she teaches. Wholeheartedly recommend anything taught by her!
Professor O'Neill is a great lecturer, and she is very passionate about history. She is not an easy grader, but she is very helpful and her assignments are straightforward. I definitely recommend to take one of her classes (she specializes in British history!) She is also very funny, I was constantly laughing in her class.
Currently writing this review while sitting in her class. She is a great professor. She is funny and always find ways to keep the class interested. At times there was a lot of reading for the class but it was interesting and definitely not as bad as some other classes I've taken. If you are a history major, take her classes you wont regret it.
Best prof I've had at USC! I'm not a history major and she was very helpful in accommodating my lack of experience with the jargon. Always willing to help. Fun assignments that are still relevant to the course (you could pick your own topic for the final paper!). Must be present in class to get a good grade. Definitely recommend this prof and class
I'm not even a history major and I loved her class. She really loves what she teaches. A lot of assignments but they are all fun and interesting - she is also very flexible with her assignments in that you can sometimes modify the topic according to your interests. You need to be present for lectures for a good grade. Several extra credit opps.
Great professor. Clearly loves the subject she teaches. She wants to help you. Take this class as a history major.
I love her. She is passionate and make European history easy and close to me who barely know about it. Three papers, one midtern and one final are graded by TA. TA are also nice.
Great professor, funny, entertaining, informative, and on the whole, made this history class a lot of fun. A lot of reading for the discussions that happen on Friday. Make it a point to come to class, she doesn't put up her presentations & all your notes are based on her lectures. Your grade depends on your TA though, I was lucky to have a good TA.
Really easy class. Just make sure you come to class because powerpoints are not posted on blackboard.  There are 3 essays and one midterm.  Overall, great class!
One of the best professors I have had at USC. She is very clear and enthusiastic. She really cares about her students and the exams are not hard if you attend lecture and do most of the readings. I highly recommend Professor O'Neill.
She's hilarious! Seriously, she makes this class very interesting and informative. Encourages discussion after the lecture portion of the class. Very helpful, and always available when you need to ask a question.
She doesn't put up any presentations online so make sure to get the notes from a friend if nothing else. Her powerpoints are the bare minimum so it's a good deal to actually come to class. She's super nice and tries to be fun and if you need any question answered, she's really considerate and answers it so that you understand.
She tries a little hard to be funny but she's a great professor and is VERY considerate. She will repeat anything you ask her to and will take her time to go through the powerpoints every lecture and make sure you get everything down on your notes. Not a hard class as long as you attend most lectures and hand your things in on time.
403150	Susan	Estrtich	22
I'm conservative. I love hearing her well organized defense of her liberal positions. She'd put MSNBC out of business in one week cuz she has citations that make the MSNBC Gang look pitiful. I don't think a conservative prof could have taught as much as to how to think. I now know I can go toe to toe with her who is one of, if not, THE BEST.
Great professor, very smart and experienced, and fairly structured exams. Work hard for the midterm and final and you'll be fine.
Lecture has little to do with the case reading, but is interesting enough that it doesn't matter. She's met tons of fascinating people and tells stories that really make you think about cases that can be pretty dry. Two exams and a final, all pretty easy. TAs are super helpful!
Im conservative. I found Prof Estrich to be one of the best at defending her liberal position with strong content. I learned a lot. I felt like I had the edge to debate her strong lib bias. But I kept my mouth shut for the sake of my grade. She is only excellent when she focuses on the syllabus. Otherwise, just good.
She's crazy! I absolutely loved her. If you wouldn't like to hear her curse or if you want a professor who's really serious and stuff then don't take her. The class is pretty easy. Just read the case summaries online and you should be fine. The TAs are really chill and they grade easy.
read the text. the classes are more conversations than lectures, which i don't usually appreciate but these discussions were so interesting and really got you thinking. if you didn't participate, of course, you'd think it's boring but give it a shot.
Law 200 was a really interesting course.  Its not as hard as people say it is.  The grade is made up of a 35%midterm, 50%final, 15%attendance.  There is a lot of reading for the midterm and finals, but otherwise there is no daily work to do for the class. Form a study group to get through the readings easier. She mentions that she likes to give A's
Class is hard. First part of the class the readings were needed to understand the content. The second half without the casebook was a lot easier. Mostly she told stories and is not afraid to call on people. She knows a lot of big names, and is a busy person. People say she's **** and liberal, and I can sort of see it, but was never affected.
This class was my favorite of the semester. Ms. Estrich was ALWAYS 15 minuites late, Just remember that you do not have to come on time. The reading was tough...but you didn't really have to do it for class. She mostly told funny stories and she knows the &quot;inside story&quot; to pretty much everything. Do the reading for the tests though!
Susan is not a typical teacher--she isn't concerned with following a syllabus, but it doesn't matter because what she discusses is interesting, relevant, and intelligent.  Her inside stories about Bill Clinton are the best!
the classs was electing a president but really should have been called  story time with susan estrich. her stories are really interesting and class was enjoyable. plus you ALWAYS get out early
She is fantastic
Her seminars are worth an extra unit, and instead of having to write a 25 page paper, you have to do a group presentation.  She lets the class out at least an hour early and cancels often.  She will write a letter of recommendation for ANYONE, even if you've never had her. She gives high grades within the curve, you are guaranteed the median.
Rude, can't keep an appointment to save her life, worthless teacher.
Hates men (and I am female).  Don't ever say anything slightly conservative or she will leap over the desks and rip you head off.
Couldn't be more taken with herself.
Missed 18 out of 31 class sessions, because she was too busy making TV appearances or whatever. Of course, the school didn't care, since she provides them with so much publicity. She name drops constantly, which just reinforced the notion that she was full of herself. Very ambivalent about teaching.
No Comments
I had her for both Gender Discrimination and Election Law.  While she has a lot on her plate and is often late to class, I had a great time.  She is very funny and loves to drop big names.  This class was a nice detour from the normal law school fare.
No Comments
Has become one of TV's talking heads.
This woman is on the verge of a very hard fall.  I am not sure if she is an **** or just falling to pieces for other reasons, but ... she is amazingly lazy, doesn't know the material, and should probably throw in the towel.
1276433	Andrew	Simpson	22
Not super difficult, try and you should be fine. Study a lot for the tests because there is a lot of material. There's also random pop quizzes that are open note so show up and get easy points
Professor Simpson is awesome! Speaks 17 languages and is very knowledgable in his field. He makes lectures very interesting and the material is also intriguing. I looked forward to going to class and like to pull out random facts I learned in his lectures. Lots of studying needed for tests but As are definitely achievable! Overall great GE 6
Professor Simpson is a great teacher. He's extremely well qualified, speaking about 15 or 16 languages. The class is an easy A is you show up, take notes, and study for the midterm and final. Participation doesn't count in discussion, and the papers are nothing grueling. I would definitely recommend this course as a GE 6. 
Very nice and has cool stories, makes lectures fun(attend!). 2 short film commentaries, 2 essays, 9 pop quizzes(super easy), 2 exams, a final, & final project. Tests are hard, u rlly need to study in advance and work for a good grade. TAs hold review sessions-go! Lecture Notes from bookstore are a must-have! Don't need course reader. RECOMMEND!
Simpson's lectures are interesting and funny. He is a really nice guy, but your grade depends completely on your TA. The TA's are all pretty cool, but I highly recommend having Alif Silpachai. Get ready to memorize EVERYTHING in the lecture notes for the tests.
Professor Simpson is a very good professor. He knows a lot of languages and is obviously knowledgable. I think the class is really interesting, because it applies to everyday life. The lectures are long, and there are occasional pop quizzes (everyone gets 100%). I recommend taking this class.
Professor Simpson made the class interesting, but the lectures got dull as the semester wore on. Your grade is dependent on the grading of your TA, but they are generally pretty fair. Overall, he was a good professor, and this class was a good choice for a ge 6.
This class wasn't as easy as the rest of the others thought. The rating seemed high so I took it... my other 4 friends who took this class also did not think it was that easy. Basically, you need to memorize everything he talks about and memorize the book. An A is definitely possible but it's probably more work than you think.
THIS PROFESSOR IS AWESOME. ENOUGH SAID. (Read the textbook if you want to get an A) Decent amount of reading but they are really interesting
The professor is knowledgeable and helpful. Course materials cover a variety of interesting stuff, which brings a lot of fun to the classroom. The lecture is easy to follow, and the professor sends students review notes before exams, which are really clear in mapping the exam.
I thoroughly enjoyed going to class and found Simpson's lectures easy to follow. The material is not difficult to learn if you put in a little effort.
Excellent professor - even though it is a GE class that I had no interest in, he was able to engage my focus in which I learned tremendously about things I never knew about language(s). Class is EASY at first then becomes a little dry towards the end. One of the great professors on staff at USC. I did not put all effort into the class still got A-
class is not an easy A, but its an easy B/B+. 11 in-class quizzes, only 9 are counted, 2 assign. (essays) that are not that hard. final project, which is also an essay of 5-10 pgs (found topic little bit difficult), and 3 exams, including final, not cumulative. exams include M.C Qs, Short Ans. Qs, and T/F Qs. some effort is needed.
Very cool guy. He knows alot about Linguistics. The notes for each class are up on blackboard before class. He does go fast because each section has alot of material. Tests are almost straight from the uploaded notes; multiple choice & short answer. Pop quizzes are very easy. 3 big projects and 3 non-cumulative exams. Not too hard. Interesting.
LOVE him and his class. Very helpful, engaging,&clear. Made linguistics exciting. Assignments/exams were very clear and straight from the lectures. No BS. TA were very helpful, enjoyed every minute of it! Surprisingly became my favorite class that semester and Im a Pol Sci major! I liked his very friendly/lets have a good time sort of vibe too
Prof Simpson has that next-door neighbor uncle sort of vibe. I saw him feeding squirrels once. He's brilliant, friendly, and helpful. Class is very interesting and the material is easy. Tests are exactly what's in the notes, super easy. Easy assignments/papers. I learned so much from this class. His British accent is delightful. Great class!
He's a brilliant guy, super helpful, really nice, and extremely clear in his lectures.  I recommend actually going to all of his lectures because they're really fun, and he's a funny guy. Also, it's really enjoyable to listen to his British accent--that doesn't hurt at all.
Prof Simpson is great! His lectures are right on point and his exams test what he lectures. All you have to do is read through his provided lecture notes and you'll get an easy A.
He is really interesting and extremely helpful as well as approachable.
This guy is great! The topicas he discusses are quite interesting. His tests are easy just study the notes! Easy class
Very simple class. Attendance isn't necessary,,he tells you when its necessary to come to class. He's a very nice guy, funny. Extremely helpful and as long as you read the lecture notes he hands out before the midterms/final, you'll be fine. Memorize them and you're straight, get an A. Doesn't hurt to let him know you're shooting for an A.
pretty interesting class. two midterms. two easy paper assignments worth very little so dont try too hard. one final project. final. exams are relatively simple. multiple choice and free response. just go to class, listen and you'll be fine. dont need textbooks, just read the packets he passes out before the exams. MEMORIZE THEM! easy to get an A
1059084	Marlene	Morris Towns	22
Towns is probably the best professor I've had at SC so far. She's competent, straight-forward, energetic and she knows her stuff (she's worked at various marketing consulting firms.)The rest of these reviews were probably written by a bunch of boneheads who never came to class and were surprised when they got bad grades. Definitely not a hard class
Not clear in what she expects. Sprung the final assignment on us pretty last minute. Not very organized. Midterm was super difficult. Final wasn't as bad. I wouldn't recommend her.
Her midterm was pretty hard because she wasn't very clear about what would be in the written section. The final was easy because she waited until 2 days before the exam to tell us what was on it so she felt bad. She was very harsh on grading the final projects and she did not grade them according to how she said she would on the syllabus. AVOID
For an introductory course Professor makes it hard. Her lectures seem manageable but her two tests are very hard. The group project is easier and lots of fun. Morris-Towns is helpful and likes students visiting her during office hours. Besides her tests it's a fun class.
Formula to get an A: Read the book, take online quizzes, study the BOOK ppt slides, and note cards in the book=A on midterm/final. To get an A in the class do well on tests, project, and participate. Final exam is NOT cumulative even though she says it is (cumulative in the sense that the later chapters use material in previous tests such as PLC.
She is hot but thats about it
Do not take her. She seems nice at first but she will turn on you. Tests are mainly memorization which is fine however she will get you in the presentation. She does not curve. Presentation is 25% of your grade and she is not easy on that either. Make sure you have a good group. Office hours&#63; don't bother. She won't help.
Towns takes surprise attendance at random times during lecture (so you can't just pop in at the end/beginning). The group project is also 25% of your grade.. if you get stuck with idiots goodluck. I would take ANY OTHER MARKETING teacher before her. SHE IS THE ONLY 307 TEACHER THAT DOESNT CURVE!!!!! Take a different teacher....
Maybe because her class is tremendous, but this professor is NOT a good choice. She comes off nice but once you have the class a few more times you realize she is not. The lectures are not bland, per say, but reading off slides and talking about topics that all sound the same make it come off that way. Her students are more like numbers to her.
Do not take. 1.tests= regurgitation of vocab (lots) from book, mixed with &quot;gotcha&quot; questions- little details from in-class videos. 2.videos are from companies that already FAILED... Ex: Song Airlines. 3.tests and final project assignment are poorly written and vague. 4.She has a vindictive personality 5.Hard grading on subjective assignments.
The class topics were pretty easy, but she's a hard grader on presentations and stuff.
Everything is straight from the book. Lots of reading. Lots of memorization.  If you can handle that, you're fine.
Easy class. Exams come straight from the textbook, just know definitions and concepts. Easiest business class I have taken so far.
Professor, we get it...you like to shop at Neiman's, J. Crew and Saks...I just wish that every marketing example you made in class did not pertain to you and your world. It's a bad look. You're an ok prof, but anyone can teach mktg.
Do not take this class or any other class with this professor. She has some sort of chip on her shoulder and she is downright mean and unsympathetic to the students, I was hospitalized but penalized none the less. She has created more heartache than she is worth.
She seems very nice until you get sick or need her to be lenient.  She will not cut breaks, make extensions, or help any student.  I had pneumonia and had to miss a minor presentation and was forced to take a zero. Similar things have happened to others in my class as well.
This professor is horrible. She doesn't care about her students at all! Don't take her!
She appears to be extremely nice until you have to deal with her one on one. She has no sympathy for you if anything happens to you that is out of your control. It sucks for those people who don't make things up and actually have a serious issue. I would avoid taking her!
The class is extremely easy, all the tests are multiple choice and she puts the powerpoints online so you never need to go to class. The group project is easy if you're OK with public speaking. You'll get an A, take her!
I really liked Professor Towns, she is really young and cute and has a great sense of style. I absolutely adored her until I talked to her one-on-one, she kind of gives off a snotty attitude like &quot;yeah-im-black-and-i-wear-designer-clothes-what-of-it&quot; type of deal. but super easy class, all ppts are online. most of the class cheated on the final tho
It is obvious that the previous rating was done by Towns herself. No further comment is needed other than DO NOT TAKE HER!
Professor Towns is incredibly helpful. Her lectures are to the point. She basically goes over stuff that's in the text, but the repetition helps in the long run. She's funny and brings in good guest speakers. It also helps that she leads her discussions. Professor Towns has made an already fascinating topic all the more interesting! Take this class
436378	Leonardo R	Kosloff	22
He derives every equation he shows you, which is as exciting as it sounds.  The class is pretty easy.
He is the nicest man and did everything he could to raise his students grades. The reason they were so low is that he teaches by staring at the board and writing while talking. Hard to stay awake. Subject matter starts off easy but gets harder and harder. Tests are impossible. Go to math center a ton if you want to do well. But he is a nice guy.
Kosloff attempts to apply math to the real world which is great, but he has a hard time explaining such examples. He gives a lot of extra credit through quizzes and his tests have no applied problems at all. It is my understanding the he is the easiest 118 teacher out there. I ended up having a 105% before the final, but after I received a 95%.
Overall Math 118 goes quick and is difficult. Kosloff is knowledgable, but has difficulty explaining concepts to students.  Class isn't mandatory, but he gives extra points for going.  He cares about students and drops 2 quizzes and does midterm "retakes" to boost grades. You basically teach yourself, but a good TA helps.  Go to office hours.
Even though his examples are a little confusing, he was clear on the mathematical principles and laws. He does put in effort into trying to explain but he tends to get nervous and fumbles over easy parts. His tests covers extensively and are easy to score if you pay attention to his examples closely.
The material is not fun but prof Kosloff cares about students and posts class notes with examples which were like exams. Its true the 2nd test was hard but he gave a makeup quiz and allows cheat sheets. If you don’t come to class its going to sound like “ramble” as he covers new material every day. Go to his office hours and he will help you out.
You really end up teaching yourself the material. Lectures do not help at all as he goes off in tangents and repeatedly makes mistakes. He does seem to care about some students though and is a  little enthusiastic about the material. Pray that you have a helpful TA.
If you cannot teach yourself math don't take this class. The professor rambles about some theory behind whatever he is teaching that makes no sense. If you get a good TA that's helpful but the midterms are difficult and there are weekly quizzes. Attendance is extra credit. I would not take this class again, and I like math.
He tries to help but is often unsuccessful. He rambles his thoughts as he writes on the blackboard and often stop in the middle of solving a problem to realize that he's doing something wrong. He is nice though in giving us rewrites. Take another professor if you can, or take him if you're good at math already.
I feel like his intentions are somewhat meant to be well, however he is very impatient, and slightly condescending if you don't understand exactly what he's saying. It's frustrating when he goes off on tangents about the theoretical aspects of math although it is not applicable to the class itself and you can't follow him.
This professor isnt the greatest but he will hear you out if you have a problem. He is way to smart to be teaching trig so its very hard to understand, it also doesnt help he mumbles alot
Kosloff is WAY TO FREAKING SMART to be teaching a trig class. He uses theories and ideas from advance math to try and explain basic Trig....which may be confusing for a lot of people. He is very smart, but a lot of effort is needed to succeed in his class. Quizzes are hard, tests are easier. Attendance is just used for extra pts. not mandatory.
Extremely easy if you use MyMathLabs. The exam answers are the same questions used in practice exams! Kosloff may not be the best professor, but he is providing the easiest way to get a passing grade! By the way, if you are having trouble in calculus, YOU SHOULD NOT BE DESIGNING BRIDGES!!
Do not take this professor! I'm done taking his class, but I'm suffering badly! Their things on the tests that he doesn't teach you! I am very good at math but it not showing after taking him for Trig
HE'S THE WORST TEACHER EVER HAD!!! I'm a math major and the class was still hard for me. You'll do better in the class if you just ignore him, and then do the homework and go to the reviews. Attendance is mandatory, but in my opionion, not necessary. He is so conceited about his teaching, he swore it wasnt his fault that our class average was a D.
Put forth effort, and you will prevail (imagine that.....). Its like many other math classes.... practice makes perfect and SI/review sessions wont hurt you (imagine that as well).....
A really great math teacher.  You still must study a lot to do well but he will help you get to where you want to be.  The quizzes he gives are actually harder for me than the tests.  He is just amazing all around at teaching.
As previous comments have stated, be afraid. He has knowledge of the subject but doesn't know how to convey it. Often times he will get 3/4 the way through a problem and then realize he doesn't know how to finish it. Explainations are far from understandable! You are better off either waiting till another semester or taking it at PBCC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Having him teaching and having nobody teaching is the same thing. I had to drop his class because it was killing my GPA.
No Comments
Be afraid, be very afraid.
wow he blows
850409	Sergey	Lototsky	22
This professor cannot explain mathematical concepts to save his life. He is confusing, difficult to understand due to his strong accent, and provides no outside assistance. If not for the TA, I would have failed the class.
Tried so hard, but he would just want to fail students with tests on things that haven't even been covered yet. The TA was the only reason half of us passed.
The WORST professor I have ever had in my life. I am a straight A student, so I work hard and I understand the differences between good and bad professors. Lototsky is both passionate and enthusiastic about math and statistics, but really fails to teach in a way that is easy to understand. Instead of explaining the material, he complicates them.
Very helpful in this particular class. You should definitely take him for Math 407.
The worst teacher I've had ever. He spends 45 out of the 50 min class talking about formulas he admits we will never use in the class. Dont bother going to lecture you learn nothing. The book is even more confusing than his lectures. I've learned the material during discussions. You basically teach yourself.
While Lototsky's Lectures are often extremely difficult, his system of homework and quizzes makes it easy to understand the concepts. He always makes sure that students know what they need to know for each section. While the class is hard, if you put the work in, it is not difficult to get a good grade.
He is very knowledgeable in his subject. Lectures are not mandatory, but in order to get a good grade you should come to lectures because he doesn't use a course book. Over all, he is a good professor!
Lototsky is a great professor, really cares about teaching the students and always lectures on way more than what is on tests. Tends to skip tests or not fully explain what he is doing but if you ask him to explain he is more than willing. Tests are easy, most were straight from homework questions
Lotosky is very knowledgable in the field. He shows much interest in diff eqs.  The clarity in the class is a bit lacking due to accent.  But if you are able to get over that, the class with him is informative, simple, and beneficial.
He is AWESOME! If I could take this class again, i would choose him again.
This guy probably knows more about his subject than most other teachers I've taken.  Although I was probably one of the 10/40 students who actually went to class he kept me very interested and he wasn't a stiff on grades or tests. 9/10 would take again.
Extremely rude and unhelpful to students
At first I was a little unsure because his english isnt amazing but after having other math classes at USC, I can tell you this guy is great. Very fair quizes, not too much hw, and he provides old finals so everything is reasonable. Sometimes rants about clay matthews being one of his students which is hilarious.
Skips some steps during example problems, but will explain if you ask after. Ensures that you learn the material if you go to office hours..REALLY REALLY nice person. He really cares about his students' performance and general well-being. Brilliant mathematician in general.
Lototsky is extremely knowledgeable about math but tends to skip over certain steps that are probably intuitive for him but not so much for his students when he's doing examples. If you ask him after class he'll explain it to you though. It's an easy class if you are willing to work for it.
Lototsky's lectures are definitely worth taking. He is very clear with his examples and really ensures that, with a little effort from the students, a high grade in the class is possible and even very realistic. His love of the quirks of mathematics also makes the class quite entertaining. (As a side note... his accent is NOT hard to understand)
People might say scary things but the prof is not bad. He has an accent, so what&#63; It's MATH- integration, not english. The prof is extremely intelligent and if you stay after class for a quick question, he will help clarify things. I felt that the people who complained a lot were the ones who didnt go to lect. and expected an easy A with no effort.
easy A class!
No Comments
a good professor. don't let his first mid-term scares u coz that's the only hard test in his class. after that his test becomes easy. if you fail this class, it's more likely ur problem not his
When doing his lecture he jumps and solves problems in his head w/o letting the students know what he's doing. He feels its better to simply show his students exceptions to the problems w/o actually teachign the material before hand so then the stuents are really lost. Everyone failed (mid 30s median) which he refused to curve
No Comments
675118	Bill	Biersach	22
I really like the Beatles so I enjoyed this class a lot.  It's obvious that he knows a lot about this subject, so it's interesting to hear his perspective of things. He takes his class very seriously and hates interruptions. The only way you'll do well is by going to class and taking notes because exam questions are very specific. 
Class about Classic Rock (up to 1970) was excellent.  Listen to a lot of great music and learn very cool facts.  Biersach has been there and lived it and has a vast knowledge of rock that he is very willing to share.  Attendance is a must, and take notes on everything they say.  If you go to class and take good notes this is an easy A and very fun.
Presents the material in a way that makes it easy to remember.
Great grader. He''s hilarious and definitely knows his stuff. Completely technologically illiterate but very endearing. He is so well versed in everything music related from 1955 to 1990ish that its scary.   Great professor. 
This guy knows what he's talking about. He's so awesome but it that comes from his great knowledge of the past 50 years of rock music. You might not think you need to know this and you're probably taking this class because you've heard it's easy, and yes it is easy but if you pay attention you can impress people with really cool rock tidbits!
His classes are super easy, but you still need to come. Exams are simple, but you have to know the material. Do the assigned questions each week and study your notes once or twice, you'll definitely get an A.
This class is easy. 3 exams, each with 50 questions (not cumulative). My advice to Ace the class: take good notes (from the notes he presents in class) and read the assign readings (just answer the questions assign to these readings and you'll be fine). And most importantly, enjoy the music and history presented.
Awesome class.  Even if you're not interested in The Beatles, you should take it!  Great music and material is easy and enjoyable!  Professor is also super chill and insightful!
This class is freaking great! The teacher is awesome and if you even remotely like any 60s or 70s music, you will love this class. There's nothing to not like about it - it's a fun subject taught in a fun way with easy and fun tests! A MC test of 50 questions is usually done in 20-30 minutes for the slower test takers like me! TAKE all his classes!
TAKE THIS CLASS!!! This is 100% the best class I took at USC! Biersach is a fantastic teacher. He is entertaining and incredibly knowledgeable. I have never been so disappointed for a class to be over. It was also super easy with only 3 exams each with 50 multiple choice questions.
Really easy class. Super interesting though.
It's a large lecture class in which you can sit back, relax, listen to some great music, and learn about a great band from an entertaining teacher who definitely loves this stuff. If you're a Beatles fan, don't miss this opportunity! I loved this class.
Sit in class and listen to greatest music ever created. Tests are enjoyable and reading is fun. Loved him & his class. Show up and take notes and relax while songs play.
greatest teacher EVER
The Beatles class!! It was very fun and very interesting. Great class structure. Professor teaches on Monday, TA's show visuals on Wednesday. 3 multiple choice exams. Class was well worth taking!! Def recommend it!
nice guy
He is USC's classic rock professor. He's pretty tame however, and he should be so that young teenagers do not think that dying of a heroine overdose is a good idea. He could do a whole lot more.
Class meets once per week for 2 hours. First hour: professor lecture, second hour: TA lecture. Overall, an easy and enjoyable class. However, do make sure to go to every class and to take good notes. All tests are 50 MC questions (including the final), and average is about 90-92%.
Wonderful!
Awesome class and awesome teacher!
Great class, great prof.!
you're kidding me right&#63;  this is quite possibly the easiest class in the WORLD!!! and it's fun too.
408624	David	Walsh	22
Professor Walsh is amazing! He doesn't expect memorization aside from the definitions, gives a formula sheet for all exams, and has an extensive exam review before each one. His jokes are sometimes painful, but he is enthusiastic and really wants students to understand what they're learning. Sign-in sheet for attendance, so come!
Prof Walsh is awesome! Gives homework every week which is great for easy points, and his tests are super easy if you follow the review from the class before. Labs were also really easy. Show up to every class, it'll be worth it at the end of the semester when you're worrying about your grade!
Dr. Walsh made stats bearable. He truly cares about students and helping them succeed. Kind of fatherly. He breaks the material down in ways that are relevant and understandable. 
A teacher that really gets the usc students. Fun guy, always telling jokes to lighten up his lectures. Gives a lot of hw but it's pretty easy stuff which bumps your grade up a lot. Curves the class fairly. His lectures get a bit dull but he doesn't really care if u surf the internet in the back. Haha but I would pay attention. Overall great teacher
So happy I took this class with Professor Walsh. He made a subject I dreaded easy and interesting for me. Truly a talented professor. Lectures were so clear. And he's funny!
Best professor I ever had at USC.
Teachers like this make all the difference.
One of the best professor at the university. Hands down great lecturer, although can be boring at times (but will tell funny/witty jokes to keep you alert). I don't think anyone can explain material as good as he can. The review sessions are key to doing well on the test. Attend class! He's also a total sweetheart.
David Walsh is the best teacher I've ever had. It's an easy course as long as you show up (attendance counts for 20% of your grade), do your homework, and show up for lab. The midterms are very comprehensible and incredibly fair. I learned a lot. Take him!
EASY & FUN CLASS
He's probably one of the coolest professors at USC.
AWESOME professor! Though the material is dry, he always tells jokes to keep the class awake. He knows his stuff really well, and his tests are very reasonable. Great personality!
He is honestly the coolest prof I've had in college.  Though he can be quite wordy in lecturing, he makes stats so accessible and simple.  He tells these jokes every class that are painfully bad, but hilarious at the same time.  Extremely nice, helpful, and wants you to succeed. TAKE HIS CLASS!
Wow he's the best. I got 15 extra credit points count toward my final exam which is out of 100. His exams are easy and he's a super nice person. DEFINITELY TAKE HIM
Walsh is a great teacher. He knows his stuff. He is super super boring! Tries to tell funny joke. The class is really easy but attendance counts. The class is kinda of a joke. His Adult Development class is also super boring, but it is very educational as well. It is pretty hard to sit through though.
Like others have said, this class is simple and Walsh is fantastic. He tells terrible jokes every lecture, but they provide a much needed break. Before each test, he goes over a practice that is EXACTLY like the test you get. Take really great notes this day and then review them before the test and you will get an A without a doubt.
GREAT professor! Just write down everything he says in class and especially during test reviews and you'll ace the class. Attendance to class and lab is 20% of grade, so attending ensures a good grade. Take every class you can with Walsh!
Hes makes the class really easy and is really helpful in order to understand whats on the tests to be able to get an A! hes also makes the class better with his jokes!
He is the best professor I have ever had.  Highest grade in any class so far.  Write everything he says in class and read the chapter summarys which are like 3 pages and you will not get amything lower than an A on his test.  His TA Jared is the best too.  If I could take every class with him Prof. Walsh I would.
I personally LOVED his jokes lol...they help alot when you are drifting away from stats, he makes you laugh, lets your mind take a quick break and then starts teaching again. GREAT CLASS!
Even though I hated stats, not only was this class ridiculously easy, but Prof. Walsh was great! He likes telling bad jokes in class and takes it easy on students because the subject matter is so boring.
No Comments
1771337	Kimberle	Kelly	22
Professor Kelly is extremely laid back, which makes the class much easier. I tended to study for tests during class 10 minutes before taking them and did just fine. Plus you get to drop your two lowest scores, and only have to complete 10/12 labs. I wouldn't take this class with any other professor, I've heard it's really horrible.
She is great and VERY kind and very helpful.
Sometimes the class is a little unorganized, but overall, the class is easy and Prof Kelly is definitely one of the nicest and most helpful professors in the department! highly recommended!
Great professor. She is so understanding with deadlines. You need to definitely take her. Go talk to her during her office hours and she will guide you on how to get an A. Definitely recommend her. Trust you will not be disappointed.
Professor Kelly is an amazing professor who really cares about her students. She is so passionate and will take her time to help you understand. I don't get all the negative reviews, this professor is amazing. You can even work in groups for her research. Take KELLY! You won't regret it. I got an A, amazing person love her.
such a great teacher. leniant with deadlines. barley any homeowrk so much extra credit fair and makes a hard class EASY  goes out of her way to hel p her students. for a course like 274 or 314 she is the best teacher you can get
Professor Kelly is very passionate about the subject. It is not an easy subject, but she is flexible and will help you through it. Class goes pretty fast so its tough to stay on top of work, but she doesn't have any tests.  Take her or else you will suffer worse in the other class!
had a great experience in this course. took for her 274 too. i have a VERYYYYY hard time with this subject and because of a good teacher like kelly i got an A
Kelly a a fantastic teacher. realy reccomend taking her. makes everything so easy. such a caring teacher  no tests or quizzes just homework and labs and participation. so many opportunities for Extra credit
Great Teacher. TAKE HER OR YOU ARE MAKING A MISTAKE> makes everything so easy. don;'t know why she has any bad ratings. she is great. take this for a good experience
Most amazing teacher. Makes such a difficult class so easy. Attendance not mandatory. no tests. all homework assignments and labs and in class work, which she helps you with STEP BY STEp if you want to get an A , take her.
Dr Kelly knows what she's talking about and is always willing to help you out. Class was pretty easy and she is flexible with deadlines.
Prof Kelly is a great teacher. She genuinely cares about her students and she is extremely understanding. Stats is a lot of work but she made it a lot easier.
Hands-down the worst class I have taken at USC. I have no idea what my grade is and our final is tomorrow! And not only did she wait 1.5 months to hand us back our midterms, but it was for US TO GRADE EACH OTHERS. I learned barely anything, and it was so boring. Maybe I just don't respond well to her teaching style, but it was the worst.
Worst professor I've had on this campus. Such a terrible experience. It's the last day of class right now and I have no grade feedback whatsoever .
Prof Kelly is a nice lady, and pretty chill. I was psyched for this class, but was let down. She had never taught it before, and that was totally apparent. The class lacked organization. She read from the slides that came with the book which was sooo dull despite how cool the info was. Slept and got an A, but so boring I do not recommend
This class was more of a self-teach one. She knows stat but cannot teach it. She told us she didn't teach in years and it shows. She didn't even want us to turn in our hw by paper. We had to take pics and email it. Kinda ridiculous. Today was the final and no one knows their grade. 1 final but it doesn't make up for her lack of teaching skill.
She's very nice and helpful. However, at the same time she is no organized within her head which translates to the students not being very clear on what she says. Further, it seems like she is not organized in terms of homework and grades either. I would recommend her - because she is nice and she is helpful.
This class is not easy. You have to really pay attention, do your work, and study. The material the professor teaches is not always clear, but she does her best to make sure students understand. She is always present during office hours, and puts in extra time to meet with her students. If you need help, she is there and will do her best.
She does not know how to teach the material. All she does is read power points. She needs to provide examples, which she RARELY does... We’re done with classes right now and she doesn’t even have half the hmwk grades posted. To make up for her being behind, we have a group project and a paper due on the day we have a final. Seriously?!
Taking stats with this professor was one of my worst decisions. She does not know how to approach the problems that she is trying to teach us. The only way to learn the material is through the textbook or through YouTube videos. I would avoid this class at all costs. There are no tests except for a final, but that is no incentive to take the class.
She admitted to us that she hasn't taught stats in 6 years...and it shows. Instead of   writing on the board detailed examples, she speeds through useless powerpoint slides. We have no midterms-just one final. Office hours is always full and no one understands ANYTHING! I, and every single one of my classmates, is terrified for the final.
1223686	Lorena	Gallego	22
This woman is wonderful- it is so obvious that she wants all of her students to do well. She is literally one of the most enthusiastic professors I've ever had. She's so sweet and funny and really makes each class a pleasure. I highly recommend taking her class. 
AMAZING!!!!!
Profesora Gallego is the funniest woman ever. She is so adorable and sweet. The class however isn't great, but she does her best to make it fun. I took the class P/NP but probably should have taken it for a grade, because my grade is in the 90s. Don't skip class though, that will screw you over. Recommend!
Professor Gallego is one of the funniest teachers I have ever taken. Aside from being the easiest class ever, having her as my teacher made this easy, annoying class fun! She really is one of the best teachers I've ever had.
She is the most sweetest and funniest professor I have had. She made a 2 hour class go by faster. I loved her and I'm taking her again for Spanish 3 next semester. So many people in my class signed up for pass/no pass but regretted it because they were doing so well. Take her, put some effort, and raise your GPA.
Method of teaching = handing out a pile of exercises to a table then working "en grupos" to figure it out. Answers projected on the board afterward. No office hours. Tried to be funny but it's usually at someone else's expense. Glad it's over. Really lost interest in the language after this experience.
She is the greatest teacher. Always making jokes, explains grammar in English. She's one of the only teachers in the Span 220 classes that made a final study guide for her students. Unreal.
She's fantastic and so is the class. She makes a lot of jokes and made the 2 hour class a lot easier to get through. Attendance matters but just do extra credit and it's pretty easy to do well.
A fantastic teacher, very relaxed, very clear when she speaks, and very funny, and she lets you speak in English during class which is uncommon for Spanish 3
Great class! She's so funny and full of energy. Not a hard grader, took the class P/NP and regret it because I got a B+ without trying too hard at all so imagine if I did. The class is very doable and she is so helpful.
Love her!  She's a native speaker but she has lived here for 20 years, which means that she understands the language incredibly well, but more importantly understands how to effectively teach it to English speakers.  Very patient and thorough.  And her laugh is awesome.
Gallego is awesome! She's a very cute lady that cares very much about her students and is invested in making sure they understand the material.  Relatively easy grader, and an extremely kind and funny person.  I am so happy I got her for Spanish III. Take her!!!
Gallego is adorable with her antics and life stories. She wants her students to do well and tries to be fair. Her tests are harder than other Spanish teachers, but with all of the other assignments, she grades fairly easy. You may think your grade is low when it really isn't, but if you aren't really good with Spanish, take this class P/NP.
Prof. Gallego is an excellent teacher. She really tries to help you and goes above and beyond to ensure that her students understand the material. I would definitely recommend her.  She's a really fair grader as well.
she's adorable and funny, and teaches very well. she always makes sure everyone understands the material and really wants everyone to do well in the class. i definitely recommend her!!!
I LOVE HER!  No matter how i'm feeling before i come to class, she makes me laugh every day.  She makes class muy divertido and it is a welcoming learning environment.  Also, she goes to great lengths to make things as easy for us as possible, while still making sure we learn the material.  By far my favorite professor.
Lorena is a great professor. She makes the most boring topics very interesting and has a great sense of humor. She really tries to help you stay on track, especially if you're pass/no pass.
Funny, energetic, randomly strict.... SHe makes things intesting!
She tries really hard to cute and funny and FAILS. The material is ridiculously easy but the class is NOT a guaranteed A. She talks to us in English and then throws oral exams at us expecting us to know how to converse in Spanish. I don't feel like I learned anything at all. Plus, she's annoying and treats us all like 3 year olds.
Ver funny, cute, smart, and sexy. Great professor tht cares for her students and is very easy on the eyes. A must take professor XD
The class is hilariously easy.  I studied three hours for the final and got 100%.  That being said I am going to minor in Spanish.. so if your not into span take the class pass fail.  Gallego makes class amazingly fun.  Make sure you get her for span III.  She has a little bit of trouble explaining difficult concepts in English as she is from Spain
Señorita Gallego is amazing. She is super  energetic and funny, and makes Spanish not only bearable but enjoyable. Definitely the nicest and best Spanish professor I've ever had!
385759	Duncan	Mahoney	22
although it would be easy to slam this class, it's better to have Duncan teach it than anyone else
If you pay attention, read the book, and take notes, the class is easy.  Everything on the tests is covered in class and the lab hours are only slightly annoying if you get them done at the beginning of the semester.
As an actual design student coming from a technical background, I'm biased towards liking this class. But seriously, if you pay attention and take notes in lecture, the tests are easy. He brings props for visual learners. And the subject matter is vital to anybody going into theater, even acting, so you can avoid mishaps and even fatal injuries.
One of the lab workers I talked to this year put Duncan's personality very well- He knows a lot and cares a lot about the stuff that nobody else cares about. Nevertheless, I found class and lab pretty fun. It's a nice change of pace to get in the lab and work on something instead of writing a paper.
Duncan has a great sense of humor. Lots of good stuff to learn but boring and class difficult in sheer quantity of the material (and early 8am time slot). Also not reinforced. Keeping up with lab hours a MUST to do well. (Recommend doing lab in costume shop!) Midterms long with lots to memorize.
Duncan is one of the most awesome faculty members in SOT however his classes can be difficult because there is a ton of material that is covered in a relatively short amount of time. Plus, he doesn't have a lot of time to devote to his students because being TD of all SOT shows is super demanding. But he's awesome nonetheless.
Well everyone has to go through shop sometime and let's just say it is not the most amazing subject to learn about at 8 in the morning. Duncan knows what he is talking about, but it is hard to engage a group of mainly actors to learn about power tools. Its just part of being a &quot;pledge&quot; as a theatre student, but we all get through it!
it's not his fault the subject of his class is extremely boring, but he makes it soo hard! still, he has a positive attitude at 8am. you must study study study for his tests, which are ridiculously hard.  i can say with all honesty that the only thing i learned from his class was how to properly insert an earplug--though i'm glad i know it.
Duncan's class is unfortunately mandatory, and it is one of the worst experiences ever. He moves way too quickly thinking everyone knows what he is talking about and then doesn't have a textbook to look back at. He is an unfair grader and seems nice but actually isn't. It is also impossible to prepare for his exams. So happy it's over.
Duncan is extremely knowledgable and tries to keep lecture interesting. However, with lecture being at 8 AM, a lot of it goes in one ear and out the other. Best way to pass the class is to take great notes, STUDY for those tests (they are HARD), and go to your lab hours. Overall, it's tedious and you might not learn much, but you have to take it.
Duncan is a great guy. Unfortunately, he is unable to spend the time needed to aid his students in class because he is understandably overwhelmed by his demanding position in SOT. Pay attention, take copious notes, and humor him. I really did enjoy this class and Duncan is a sweetie.
Duncan doesn't realize that none of us plan on becoming him in the future.  I think he believes he is talking to an audience of other Duncans, so he thinks that having a 2 hour lecture about wood is interesting.  I can safely say I learned nothing from Shop Class.
Professor Mahoney has the unfortunate circumstance of being associated with a polarizing subject (technical theater) where people generally love it or hate it.  Subject material aside, this professor comes to class with an upbeat attitude and quirky sense of humor; but he suffers from an extremely lackadaisical and disorganized teaching style.
Duncan is awesome
I actually really enjoyed the shop portion, working in the shop was a lot of fun. I didn't really enjoy lecture, though. I don't particularly care about the history of paint or the historical significance of the double-headed nail. I studied but still found it difficult to remember everything for the midterms and final.
I like Duncan as a person, but honestly he makes shop way harder than is in any way necessary. If you're a theater minor take crew instead of shop. Otherwise you're probably going to have to take this  class. Frankly any class where you can succeed in the practice but fail in the theory needs to be reworked. Don't bother getting the textbooks.
The class is really hard, and he does not do a good job of explaining things.  He acts like the material is obvious, and it's not
I just don't really like shop. Nothing against Duncan, but listening to the differences between tools was not interesting to me. The lab was alright.
No Comments
Class is easy but you must go to lab and study for the tests.  If you want to learn tech theatre he's great but if you don't have a tech background you won't understand most of what he says.
This is your man if you want to do technical theater. you may be asking him to repeat stuff several times and don't be ashamed of this, because his &quot;tool&quot; language is not common everyday speak by students
This course is not easy.  Go to Lab!!! Lecture is key because the tests are hard.  Make sure you know the different saws.  All work is crucial, but if you miss lab you will not do well.
1326752	Ashok	Srinivasan	21
Ashok is the best professor to have for the LINC course because he is really passionate about having each student experience Delhi to its fullest, while being safe, of course. I promise you will laugh at least twice everyday with Ashok :)
He is enthusiastic about the class, and his assignments are clear and direct.
So this is what his class looks like. Solved a sample problem in class, and quizzed you on a similar one. After the quiz you are told the way he used to solve the sample does not apply to the quiz problem, and tell you there is an easy and universal way to solve this kind of problem which he never mentioned in class. This is G-R-E-A-T.
My 8th grade algebra teacher is better
Pros * He is a pretty nice guy  Cons * TERRIBLE TEACHER * He is about as unclear as possible.  * He makes a already difficult class, more difficult.  * Takes attendance every class.
Pleasant and smart professor who I agree was very happy when his students did well. Quizzes were okay and exams were not even remotely difficult until the final (wow). Enjoyed going to class (although it wasn't extremely mandatory - attendance was taken but not a huge part of the grade) and found the information quite relevant. Recommend.
Nicest professor I've had at USC thus far. A very low-stress class but you still end up learning a ton about decision-making in the business world. Very helpful in office hours though I've only been twice and he definitely cares about his students understanding the material and is very pleased when his students do well. Definitely recommend.
He is really helpful and truly cares about his students. One of my favorite professors at USC
Nice guy-- unfortunately... he isn't very clear. Book isn't very helpful either. Basically, choose another professor who can teach
The class is hard, but the way he teaches makes it harder since he doesn't explain the material really well and does not stress the importance of certain information to the students. Recommendation: study on your own, screw the book, if you want an A, put in some time.
This course is supposed to teach you things that you will encounter in real business world. However, this professor fails to do so. His lectures are unclear, and he makes tons of mistakes. If you have questions on assignments, and ask him, he would mumble through the solution, given the fact that he does not fully understand the material.
This class is ridiculous: there is literally a homework, a quiz, a test, a case analysis, a paper, a simulation, something due every week. So much busy work. He is also not a good prof, lectures are unclear and there are a ton of mistakes in posted solutions, and he trips up solving problems. You essentially have to teach the course to yourself.
The class itself (311) is hard. Prof. Srinivasan doesn't explain difficult materials in class. He only reads the power point slides during class. You have to study the lecture notes, textbook, and practice questions yourself in order to pass the class.
fun professor, cares about students.. class is well structured and the work decreases as the semester goes on. take him if you have a chance
very nice person. But really, you have to do the homework and practice yourself for exams/quiz.
Excellent professor. We call him Ashokalicious.
ASHOKALICIOUS!
Excellent Professor.  The kindest man you will meet.  The content is difficult, but it's the same for every 311 professor.  He is probably the best professor for this course.
His lectures are very boring and the examples he gives in class don't help at all. The only way to do well is to practice a lot on your own. He is a nice guy though.
At times hard to understand and a bit unclear.  However, he is always willing to help and at times goes out of his way to help students.  Very personable in class and allows students to have fun in class.  The class is a bit difficult, but follows the same curriculum as the other 311 classes.
hard to understand at all
1015758	Peter	Radchenko	21
1 Midterm, Weekly Group Quizzes, 7 HW assignments, 1 Final. Peter gives 40 questions prior to the midterm. Understand how to do all of them and you'll get 100% on the midterm. Ours had 2020 free points added. The final is much harder though and there is only 11 point added. Make effective cheat sheets, study in advance, and you'll get an AA-
HW is 15% of your grade and you get cheatsheets for all the tests.  Out of all the BUAD-310 professors, I think Radchenko is one of the easiest (with the least amount of work, too).  Definitely take him for Stats if you want an easy A!  
NO ONE would take 310  if it wasn't mandatory. With that said, Radchenko is your best option. I don't understand how people get less than A or A-... homework is 15% of your grade and is pretty much a guaranteed 100. You get 2 cheat sheets for the final. My raw score at the end was above 95 and I barely studied. He's nice (and cute). Go to class!
Lectures were so boring. He tries hard, but is not very articulate. Very approachable. There were application sessions that totally depended on your TA (mine was not good, so...). Material was easy to grasp, but I didn't study well for tests (or make good cheat sheets), so my grades on them were just okay. I ended up with a B because of it. 
Easier to understand (both in terms of English and course material) than the other 310 professors. Midterm was extremely easy. Final... eh not so much. It gets harder after the midterm. Uses the Marshall Curve so class average is what determines your final grade. And yes ladies, the chili pepper is well deserved but I'm pretty sure he has a family
Radchenko knows the material very well. Although, he isn't the best at explaining the concepts, but the tutors helped a lot. Overall, he's a great professor and pretty straightforward with the tests. If you study a lot and take great notes and make a nice cheat sheet, then you should be fine. :)
Pretty easy class. Not bad at explaining concepts. Put me to sleep a lot of times.
Easy professor, easy class. Homework is worth 15% of the course and it's basically guaranteed you'll get full credit for that. Funny and cool guy. 
Don't be fooled by high ratings. If you didn't take AP Stats, or any statistics class, this teacher isn't that useful. I won't recommend it, and I find business classes generally easy.
Pretty easy if you took AP Stats. You don't need the book because his slides are good enough. HW is online and easy: 50 tries to get each problem right. Tests are tricky, but manageable. You can bring a cheat sheet for them. Final is a lot harder. Study his past exams and pick a good group for case project. Overall easier than other 310 professors.
He is the cutest and the most charming professor ever! Articulates so well and provides clear examples. Super nice. Girls, your lucky if you're in his class!
Super easy, he let's you take a cheat sheet to every midterm and final.  You don't have to buy the book because he makes slides and teaches everything of those and they're all online, so you also never need to go to class.
Awesome! The best professor in USC. Must take this class.
easiest 310 teacher
Easy A. Tests are multiple choice and he gives access to prior exams. He also goes over homework before it is due.
Very easy class. Exams are multiple choice and he gives you access to prior exams. He also goes over how to do the homework before it is due.
Very good teacher and has MC midterms and finals which make it easier since it is a math class. Does PPT slides which help make the material easier to understand
Probably the best prof for 310. Subject itself is difficult but there is some overlap with 218. Study the slides and past exams RELIGIOUSLY, most of the questions from the exams are very similar to those in the practice exam.  He allows one page of notes for each exam, so make sure to fill it up.  Very approachable teacher, highly recommend for 310
Good stat prof.  Tests pretty easy, no attendance, and super cute.  Take his class.
A lot of class material overlaps with Math218, so if you did well there you will get an easy A. Really cute, but monotonous and not enthusiastic. Midterms and finals quite easy, no unexpected questions.
This man is worth getting up at 6 am to primp for your 10 am class... guys don't hate step up your game
1491514	Robertas	Gabrys	21
the lecture was horrible, he wont response to you email on time either. One of the worst professor I ever had in Marshall
This guy cares more about what is showing on his iPhone than he does about teaching class.  He never responds to student emails.  Totally unprofessional. Avoid.
Terrible professor. Does not explain concepts clearly and gets frustrated when you ask questions. He tested us on completely different material than in class and in the book and in the tedious homework assignments. Then at the end of the semester, he basically just gave everyone B's. He was also very dramatic and had a poor attitude.
Worst Professor I have ever had.  He does not bother to explain anything clearly and don't look for any extra help because you wont get it.  He was erratic in the course schedule and lectures and had ridiculous expectations.  He tested hard while effectively teaching nothing.
Not recommended to take his class. This course is actually very interesting and is applicable for working. However, in his course, you won't learn anything because he can't explain clearly. He always ask his students to make a presentation, but he never pay attention to the presentation and was busy playing his phone. His final is very difficult!
Boring but very clear. Amazing how enthusiastic he can be despite teaching 8am lectures with half the class missing lectures on most occasions. Tests are quite easy and he is lenient with his grading (offers MANY opportunities to postpone homework due dates and even midterm/quiz dates).
He's such a great professor! Very nice and helpful :) Tests are challenging but multiple choice. You don't need the book for this class because everything is on MyStatLab.com (great resource that only he uses!) Gives extra time to complete HW if needed. Take his class!
Never went to class at all and still managed to do well. Attendance isn't mandatory, and the class demands alot. However, he does take the time and effort to really help out his students who ask for it. RECOMMEND HIM, one of the nicest and helpful teacher in USC, especially considering the other horrible options you have for 310, gabrys is the best
easiest stats professor. allows cheat sheets for every test. always open to help. and he's hot too!
He's not a particularly good teacher but the course is pretty easy. It's up to self-study though. At least he's funny in his own Gabrys way.
Doesn't explain things very well, always a lot of typos on exams, doesn't engage students at all. Took it as a summer class and it ruined my summer by how frustrated I was and how much I didn't understand the concepts.
Dr. Gabrys responded to all my emails promptly and respectfully. The course was very well organized and structured. Professor is very knowledgeable, enthusiastic, passionate, and patient - one of the best professors at Marshall.
He may seem like a fun and nice guy but he's pretty lazy, doesn't bother to reply students' e-mails and doesn't teach the concepts that well.
Professor Gabrys was definitely my best professor this semester. He goes over the subject matter very well and is extremely helpful and available. Easy class, large curves on the two midterms, I definitely recommend him.
VERY VERY nice guy; super easy class; he allows cheat sheets for every test; he is, by far, the best 310 professor out there according to what I have heard about the other professors. Take his class..you don't want Chakravarty
Super nice guy and very helpful. Take him for BUAD 310.
Attendance is not mandatory. Understood the book and powerpoint slides and you'll do fine. All exams are multiple choice and there are two midterms, but he gives practice quizzes and exams to practice from which really help!
He had an accent, which came off as really adorable. He's definitely a likable person and is available for extra help, since it can be a confusing course. Lectures often were boring, though. He's super thorough, so there were a lot times in which I tuned out in class.
All his tests are multiple choice so there isn't much room for error. Funny accent. Lectures were pretty boring, but I just studied the book and did fine.

Gabrys is Lithuanian and has an accent which makes him that much more adorable. He's very thorough. He gives you practice quizzes for the every midterm. 3 midterms. Not that bad.
315506	James	Ellern	21
Intellectually elite
His lectures are useless and incomprehensible. But his tests are not hard, get copies of his old tests, memorize how to do the problems and you'll be fine.
get old lab tests to practice and the lab exams will be fairly easy.  Ellern only seems tough but he is a very caring, helpful, and he means well. He is also hilarious if you actually listen to what he's saying
Quizzes are hard but he reuses the same questions, so get as many old quizzes as possible.  He's in charge of the grading of the course, if you need to talk to him, be aware that he goes off the topic A LOT. I went in to ask him ONE question, he kept me in his office for an hour talking about stuff no one cares.
Dr. Ellern is the most frustrating professor I've ever dealt with. He goes in circles in his lectures and they never make sense. The most obscure material appear on his quizzes and nothing can prepare you for such obtuseness. It doesn't matter how much you study, it's a crapshoot with him! I don't recommend taking this course at USC..go elsewhere!
Dr. Ellern is the same as he was thirty years ago, folks. I had him then. He doesn't &quot;care&quot; about anybody. (Oprah doesn't really care about people either. That's all pretend.) He loves to teach. If you show curiosity about chemistry, he'll really respond. No ass-kissing necessary.
His materials and teachings is usually irrelevant to the actual ochem course. He is very difficult and longwinded. His lab exams are literally impossible to do well in unless one memorizes patterns of old lab exams. The exams are uselessly quantitative (i.e. calculating diameters of glass jointware, etc.).
Ellern is passionate.  It is possible to do well and never interact with him, you do not have to kiss ass nor be a well endowed female to succeed.  However you do need to go to his lectures to pass his tests.  He's eccentric, but hes not  a perv
Rule number 1 of dealing with Ellern, DO NOT get intimidated by him. He has a very authorative presence, and can be intimidating. He is very tough, demanding, and isn't afraid to speak his mind. You can gain his respect if you show dedication to the work, and he will reciprocate. Take his criticism well, and have some thick skin.
Ellern is a very enthusiastic guy. He's friendly, and always very helpful. In his lab, I feel like he expects you to know things that you may never have been taught. thats my only complaint.
As someone else said, he may be sarcastic, but he is not a BS'er and he can see through BS.  He is an honest prof who cares about what he teaches.
No Comments
No Comments
his labs are rediculously hard and you spend probably 3 hours a week doing pre and post lab work......o chem is unavoidable if youre a sci major so just get used to him
No Comments
Worst of the worst!!! Do not take this class at USC!!!
talk fast,unclear lecture,
No Comments
A VERY excellent professor.  He is sarcastic, yes, but he is FAIR and he is not a BS'er.  I appreciated his honesty and his integrity.
horrible teacher, DOES NOT CARE ABOUT ANYONE!
No Comments
143435	Oussama	Safadi	21
One of the best professors in the department.  Very helpful, makes sure everyone understands what's going on.  Very funny guy.  Easy homework and tests.  Come to class and it's an easy A.
His lectures were pretty interesting and he covers everything you need to know in class. There is a solution manual for most of the problems but try to do them on your own and it'll be a relatively easy A
Great teacher. Always made sure the class understood what was happening. It is easy to get a good grade as long as you study.
Best teacher in engineering
Best teacher in the AME department for sure! Very clear and makes sure all of his students understand the topic before moving on
Easily the most helpful professor I have had at USC. While attendance to class is not mandatory, he spends the whole time doing practice problems after shortly and concisely explaining topics. Take him for ANY AME class at USC and you will be happy you did. Also in office hours he will work through any problem you want with you. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
He explains the material clearly with multiple methods and examples. Best prof I've had in this department!
He's the BEST! Attend the class - take notes. He's very helpful during his office hours.
He's very helpful in office hours, explaining everything in great details. His lectures are easy to understand and follow. His tests are fairly easy if you understand the materials. Very fun class. I will be taking a third class with him this Fall 11. Easily my fav prof at USC!!!
Great teacher, goes over very similar examples many times so that they are understood. Tests are very fair asking you about things that you actually learned. Very helpful in office hours as well. Fairly dry, but the class is &quot;Strength of Materials,&quot; so I'm sure its tough to make it anything but. Overall-great professor
Amazing Professor, definitely one of the best I've had at USC. He really cares about his students and is extremely helpful during office hours. Although he goes fast, so make sure you don't fall behind.
Great professor, you might not like him if you're bad at math though.
Amazing teacher. I will take any class his offers.
Great professor. If you get confused go into office hours and he'll explain everything step by step till you understand the material.
HE GOES OVER EVERYTHING SUPERFAST, SO YOU BETTER GET IT THE FIRST TIME. THERE ARE SOME MATERIAL IN THE BOOK THAT HE DOES NOT MENTION BUT YOU NEED TO KNOW.
He's a valuable asset to the engineering school.  While the subjects are very dry, he makes it very easy to understand.  Plus he's very helpful during office hours.  Just remember there's 16 ways to solve a problem...
so boring, but i have to admit he is generally nice if you need help.  he is a genius, but this probably hurts his ability to be an exciting teacher.  besides, you only need to know one simple equation.  haha!
Definitely among the best teachers I had while at USC.  The material's not easy; in fact it's rather difficult, but he explains it very well and will always help you out if you go in for office hours.  His jokes get old, and the word statically will forever be in your head.  All in all, a great prof
No Comments
Probably was hotter when he was younger. Still a cool guy.
Lectures are very dry and repetitive.
1230141	James	Cunningham	21
WORST TEACHER EVER. VERY RUDE AND SHOWING NO RESPECT TO STUDENTS. YOU ARE WASTING YOUR LIFE IF YOU TAKE CLASS WITH THIS KIND OF PERSON.
At first, he seems condensing but thats not true. He really doesnt teach u anything but his quizzes are very easy and his midterms and final is hard. 4 quizzes and 2 midterms. He's really funny, study hard from the book and an A is achieveable. I got an A- .. I studied the ppts for the quizzes, and book/ppts for the midterms. Hope this helps!
This guy is really mean. He doesn't care about people/his students and is an awful teacher.
Self-study class. All he does is read aloud the powerpoint summaries of the books. Attendance is not mandatory. He focuses mostly on the concepts, so no math involved. He doesn't explain anything. You are on your own if you take this class.
He does not seem to care about his students and does not teach. His tests and quizzes were extremely hard because he phrases the questions in a way just to trick you. He also does not like international students.
WORST professor ever! He doesn't like all the asian students.
He's not a terrible prof. He is very clear about what will be on tests and quizzes which is very nice. He does tend to ramble sometimes during lectures but I liked his sense of humor, although it might not be for everyone.
Going to class is beyond pointless. He is very nice, however you learn nothing in class worst professor i've ever had in my life. His practice exams are sometimes the same questions but not that many! you learn everything on your own DO NOT TAKE HIM
not sure what im supposed to study for quiz. not clear on explaining and does not reply to emails. wastes all his time in class talking about unrelated topics and skips over a lot of material, expects you to study on your own.
Professor knew his stuff but was mediocre at explaining. His sense of humor is OK.  Makes fun of people.  All quizzes and tests are multiple choice.
Lectures are boring. He isn't very approachable and he doesn't like answering questions, even if you go to his office hours.
good sense of humor, very fair.
Cunningham is a terrible professor as he never finishes his lectures and expects you do finish them on your own in the text. The text is filled with verbose and useless information, which Cunningham does not make clear of what exactly you need to know for tests. Extremely unapproachable to students and is rude. Take Tontz instead, trust me.
Way hard for an intro econ class. I got a B+. Covered material that I didn't even go over in my interm. micro class. He's not very clear in what he expects on his quizzes and midterms. 5 ten question quizzes on reading, 2 forty question exams, 1 forty question final. Very tricky tests. Would not recommend.
Crazy sense of humor, good professor. You learn a whole lot, but grading is hard, so don't expect to get a terribly high grade...
Really terrible. Never ask questions. He does not want to answer a question.
Impolite to students.
lol

Funny and nice guy! But you need to used to his humor. There were only 2 mid-terms and 1 final for the class. Since he gave practice exams before hand, if you study, all the mid-terms/exam should be okay.
Great professor.  Extremely funny.  Delivers material in an easily understandable way.  Definitely take his classes.
1116543	Maura	Crowley	21
Professor Crowley is the best professor I have had. She genuinely cares about her students and noticed every time I was feeling down. She wants all her students to succeed. Her class is an easy A as she is a very lenient grader. I would recommend her for anyone trying to fulfill their foreign language requirement.
I LOVED Dr. Crowley and this class! She is THE MOST knowledgeable literature professor I've ever had. I worked hard but learned so, so much from her. We read quirky material that was super interesting. I loved the way she helped us see connections between politics and art . She was also really encouraging and came up with creative projects.
She is an awesome professor. Very funny. Explains everything really well. Easy grader on exams. Don't ask questions that you can find answers to in the syllabus.
I love Professor Crowley!!! She's very good at making sure you understand what's being taught, and knows a ton of tricks to help you that I never even learned in high school. She's adorable, fun, easy to learn from, and easy to like. HIGHLY recommended!!!
simply the best spanish professor ever.
Best teacher I've had at USC.  She's super fun and energetic and although it is a mandatory attendance class I actually want to go to her class.  She's very understanding and sometimes even lets you out of class early.  I HIGHLY recommend her!!
I didn't really want to take a literature class on drama, but it ended up being my favorite class so far! We learned to analyze plays from different points of view and learned a lot about history and literary trends. I loved the plays and Prof. Crowley is amazing! She's super knowledgeable and helpful and fun.
Prof Crowley is funny and cute and super relatable. Highly knowledgeable and I would take ANY class with her. She really wants you to participate and get good discussions going, which makes class worth going to. She explains anything and everything clearly. Highly highly recommend
Great class! We read some really interesting plays and had deeper discussions than I've had in any other class here. She's really open to different ideas so I always felt comfortable expressing my opinions. The only drawback is that you have to set aside a lot of time for this class since there's a lot of reading.
GREAT Professor!  Her personality is amazing, she is super fun and funny, making class quite interesting. She knows the material very well and will always listen to your questions, she is so helpful!  I would recommend her to anyone! (:
Great teacher, just remember to staple your papers and make a conscious effort to speak/participate in class. She's very helpful in office hours and via email, and is very interested in helping you succeed!
I really enjoyed the class discussions and the fact that Dr. Crowley seemed sincerely interested in hearing our ideas. She is too funny and was always willing to give extra help. She greeted the class with a smile every single time. I loved her and am taking another class with her in the spring!
The class was very repetitive, all stuff everyone learned in high school. All you do in class is get into groups of two and talk about the homework. But she's really funny and makes the class somewhat tolerable.
Dr. Crowley was THE BEST professor I've had. She's very helpful, and her teaching style is engaging. She's also really funny and nice. Anybody who says otherwise must have been rude to her. She'll let you know if you've stepped out of line. I learned a ton and loved her class!
Really fun personality.  ALWAYS willing to help you learn the material.  I really enjoy the discussions in class.  A little sassy, but in a funny way.  Class wasn't too difficult either.
Okay, she makes you staple your papers (god forbid) but she's nice, caring, and tries to make getting to class fun even though its way too early.  The only thing that is frustrating is that she sends five emails about one thing.  So watch out for that, but overall I like her, and she's willing to help you as much as she can if you just ask her.
Professor Crowley seems nice enough, but her performance as a professor was pretty poor. She seems focused on trivial issues (staples on your papers, for example) rather than the bigger picture of helping us learn.
I absolutely loved prof. crowley. If you did the work, came to class & actually participated you did fine. she was always willing to give help. And she was too funny. Loved this class!
I'm not going to be as mean as some of the other folks, but I'm also not going to come to her defense. She was a decidedly average teacher who dipped below that standard when she showed up unmotivated, which was too often for my tastes.
I don't understand all the other comments..she is a great professor! I hate spanish but she makes the class fun and interesting..very, very nice woman and very helpful! I'd definately take her again in a heartbeat!
You guys are all NUTS!!  She was one of the best teachers I've ever had at ANY school.  Yeah, the stapling thing was a little annoying, but otherwise she's a great teacher.  Just because she wants her assignments stapled doesn't take away from her ability to teach.  She knows her**** and she knows how to get her students to understand.  LOVE HER!!
419345	Stephen	Finlay	21
Professor Finlay is fantastic. His class is really interesting and you cover a lot of topics. He makes it fun, listens to students, and is very approachable. He's really just a very kind, friendly, humble guy. One of my favorite classes and professors at USC; I'd recommend it to anyone, philosophy major or not! 
philosophy is a tough subject. 60% of class is based on 3 essays. then 30% on final and 10% quizzes. plenty of reading and heavy writing skills needed. essays need precise arguments. finlay made the subject interesting, but it's definitely not an easy class.
I read the comments saying this class was easy, so I took it. Professor and TAs were awesome, but the papers were graded really hard for a GE. I'm no philosophy major, but a good writer, but still got a B+ studying my butt off. Think about doing this pass/fail, i wish I did. Interesting topic though! Too much memorization for me however
Finlay is awesome!!! Best professor I've had so far. He actually makes lectures interesting and fun - he doesn't have to make attendance mandatory since most people come. Lectures make you think and slides are posted online. I never thought I'd enjoy philosophy as much as I did.
I love this professor! He's funny, nice, and definitely passionate about this topic! There was a midterm, two essays (pretty easy), and a final! Everything is graded by the TA's who are really, really nice and super helpful! If you miss a class, you can easily learn the material online! All exams are based on powerpoint notes which he puts online!
Prof was very passionate about the subject. He even shared his opinions at the end of the semester. There were two papers, 1 midterm, and 1 final (everything taught after the 2nd MT). It is not difficult to get a good grade in this class and it's interesting as well. TA was also amazing and helpful. I would recommend this class to anyone interested
you can tell he's very passionate about his subject. a very fair professor, quizzes are easy, 3 papers assigned that are graded by the TAs, and a final that was not hard as long as you did most of the reading during the semester.
Finlay is passionate about the subject material. Tests on the PowerPoint slides (which he posts online). Therefore, taking notes during lectures is not essential to doing well in the class. Grading is done completely by TAs. Uses a &quot;New Zealand&quot; grading curve. (100-85 = A; 85-80 = A- etc.)
Finlay is a genuine nice guy with an awesome Kiwi accent. Makes the class as interesting/funny as possible. That being said...most of the TAs were over-pretentious liberal arts school students who thought they were better than all the students. They graded harshly and ruined Finlay's generous grading system.
very nice and engaging professor. very capable of making difficult concepts easy to understand. he tries to get you to participate and makes the topics interesting enough so that you want to contribute to discussion. just keep up with the reading and you'll be fine.
Great professor, very very interesting and intellectual. He keeps his lectures very thought provoking, often letting the students share their own opinions on different philosophical controversies. Also very approachable, and EXTREMELY helpful if you take the time to see him at office hours. Great class, not very difficult either.
Cool teacher :) I loved this class! It was really easy. He is a pretty awesome professor.
Great professor, engaging, thoughtful and funny, plus he's got an awesome kiwi accent and is still easy to understand.
I'm not interested in philosophy but he succeeded in making most topics interesting. Lots of jokes about New Zealand.
Great professor. Very engaging and knows the subject extremely well. Lecture is always interesting, and I have yet to fall asleep in his class (the same is not true for some of my other classes). Most of the work for this class will come from writ-140 if you take the two together. 140g itself is pretty easy.
Awesome professor.
AWESOMEEEEEEE
Professor Finlay is one of the best professors I have ever had at SC, and he has the best sense of humor. He is a very engaging professor.
No Comments
great professor: open-minded to points of view, very friendly, able to have 300 students simultaneously engaged in the subject matter with enthusiasm. Papers/exams are very fair. So register!
Prof. Finlay is an awesome teacher. He knows the material well and engages the whole class in discussion. He has a great sense of humor and enjoys teaching. Exams and papers are not difficult. The class is interesting and fun and you'll learn a lot.
939713	Neda	Katz	21
Excellent lecturer. I really enjoyed the subject matter.
rocks my world
Lectures were helpful and interesting, especially the demos.  She goes out of her way routinely to help students and is outstanding in office hours.
Very open to students for office hours.  However, she was THE worst science lecturer that I had during my career at USC.
The fact that sometimes she can get slightly confusing is completely overshadowed by how much times she will spend individually to help you understand.  Her amazing teaching is not as apparent in the lecture hall, but once you go to office hours you will see how great she is at helping you learn.  Very refreshing that she cares about your success.
All over the place in lectures. She brings notes to class but still manages to mess up her example on the board. She's not very good at explaining when a question is asked, and most of the time she seems clueless of what she is doing. You're better off just reading the book. unfortunately, there are &quot;pop quizzes&quot; making lecture mandatory.
Decent teacher in class, outstanding teacher in her office hours.  Willing to help and willing to spend the time with students until they understand.
Not a very good teacher, she is very disorganized, doesn't seem to know what she is talking about and gets herself confused often. Lecture is painful to get through, but there are clickers, so free points
waaaaahhhhhhhh
By far, the BEST class I have ever taken.  She is the biggest sweetheart and wants you to succeed in understanding the material and concepts.  Give her a chance to open your eyes.  Interesting and made me decide to be a physics major
She is an absolute idiot.  This woman can not teach.  Class is relatively easy if you read the book.  You never need to go to class.
I am in her Astronomy class and i can't comprehend this GE because she focuses much more on physics than astronomy!! I do not have a science background and although she says that she tailors her tests and homework to account for this, I do not see the difference. I am not learning anything in this class even though I have not missed a class or lab.
DISREGARD (most of) THE PREVIOUS COMMENTS! katz, while not always the clearest lecturer, wants you to do well. she's always more than willing to help after class/office hours, and explains concepts MUCH better 1-on-1. she's nice if she sees you try, and she's funny. def. go over prev. exams as new exams are the same w/little things switched.
Dr. Katz doesn't know how to teach the big concepts of physics. Her class is very straightforward and much easier if you have a basic outline of each chapter before she lectures.Tests are exactly like problems she goes over, which made the class fairly easy after you realize.Take time to get to know her, shes easy to talk to and will grade easier!
Fairly scattered. Needs to use the chalkboard more efficiently and effectively. Wasn't that bad because the textbook isn't that hard to read (Knight Physics). I recommend reading the chapters because she's not perfect.
She puts me to sleep almost every class
avoid katz at all costs. she cannot teach, is completely dependent on her notes for every  single lecture and can't explain anything unless the answer is already written out in her notes. i didn't learn anything from her.
Professor Katz could not teach anything about physics if you threw her off a cliff and asked her what was pulling her down (unless MAYBE she had her notes)!  This class was a joke (and not because I did not put the work in or because I lack mathematical aptitude as I am a math major and a physics major).  She couldn't care less about her students!
No Comments
No Comments
Dr. Katz is an astrophysicist who could not teach basic, conceptual physics to save her life. She has attitude, is scattered, and cannot lecture on anything or work through example problems unless they are written out, word for word, in her notes. She seems more concerned with looking sexy in class than how much you're learning. Save yourself!
242884	David	Schwartz	21
I did not enjoy this class at all.  Grades tough on the final and the last paper. Makes you sign a 10 page syllabus ( found this funny)
I'm conflicted. I loved his class. He's a great lecturer and quite a character. Textbook is not necessary. Going to class and taking notes, with access to slides on blackboard makes the course doable. However, for some reason I struggled on tests which were fairly tricky. Other than that, the class is interesting and he's very willing to help!
He's super smart! Honestly, he scared the crap out of me, but I loved his class. He's very abrupt and sometimes paused his lecture to ask someone something completely unrelated (ie what they were eating/wearing). Was nervous about having a 5 hour long class (all lecture to boot) but ended up looking forward to it. He made it interesting and funny.
This was the most interesting psych class I've taken at USC. As someone who finds it very easy to divide my attention during class, I paid attention to his lectures. Prof is funny, knowledgeable and very willing to help you. Tests were easy if you did readings and attended class.
Awesome professor! Loved this class. Loved going to lecture, even though it was an evening class. He is intimidating to talk to (seems like a grumpy guy) but he genuine cares how you are doing and wants you to come to office hours or after class to clear up any questions.
Definitely an awkward/strange character. I don't think he's ever said a please or a thank you in his life. His poor TAs! Class isn't too bad though.
Prof. Schwartz is an awesome professor. He explains the material very clearly. Tests and papers aren't hard either. He's really entertaining and likes when the class engages in discussion. Take him!
Best professor ever. Take his classes, you won't regret it. Hilarious, intelligent, and enthusiastic. What else could you possibly want from a professor? My only problem: He doesn't teach enough classes! Two Schwartz classes are not enough. He's the best.
The great thing about this class it that you can just go to lecture and know what will be on the test. No papers, just 3 midterms and a final. Dr. Schwartz is very knowledgeable and he explains concepts in a way that is easy to understand. You have to study in order to get an A of course, but the subject is really interesting.
Schwartz is very knowledgeable and a great professor. You definitely have to go to class and do the readings. Studying for the test can be time consuming, but thats if you're looking to get an A. It isn't an easy A, but its very obvious what you have to do to get an A. This is my favorite class I have taken. I would definitely recommend the course.
Schwartz is by far the most straight forward and entertaining professor that we have here at usc. His exams are from the lecture slides and if you don't understand some of the concepts you can schedule office hour appointments.  Some students see him as being intimidating, but in reality he's very personable and he is dedicated to his students.
Funny lectures.
this guy is hilarious. he makes dumb jokes and he knows it. his powerpoints are incredibly helpful and thus make the readings irrelevant. he tends to cover alot of info each day and it can become overwhelming. class attendance isnt mandatory but if you want to do well on the tests it is since he asks you about what he said in class.
Dr.Schwartz is funny and the class is really interesting. His tests are easy as long as you study, because it comes straight from his lectures. Attendance is not mandatory but i suggest going because it's not that painful and it really helps you understand what he expects us to know for the exams.
i took his class spring 08 and it was PSYC 380 back then, but now USC made it a 400-level class....anyways i really enjoyed it! he always tried to make it entertaining and he's a really awkwardly funny guy. and he always offers plenty of help and advise if you are interested in psych careers, internships etc...but he IS a bit mean to his TA's!
An easy-going & funny prof. keeps class interactive. Material isn't that difficult if you would study. Best thing about his classes are no homeworks or papers. All tests are composed of multi-choice & short answers. MUST STUDY OR FAIL. 3 midterms (drop 1 lowest) and a CUMULATIVE final. Course subject isn't interesting, but good teacher.
Great Prof
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
great guy and great class
1362135	Lacey	Donohue	21
One of my most memorable professors at USC.  She was inspiring.
Took this class fall of 2011 and I've missed her ever since! Such a great professor! Definitely consider her for WRIT 140. :)
She grades too harsh. She's pretty strict with every portforlio and prewriting. I've never spent so much time on one single class. Her perfectionism makes my effort meaningless.
Hands down the best professor I have had at USC. Lacey is extremely helpful, and absolutely willing to work with students.  she is also hilarious. i learned an incredible amount from her and by far the best WRIT140 prof at USC. develop a relationship with her and show her that you're putting in time and effort and you will get a good grade.
Brilliant. She grades hard, but she spends so much time on each paper that you actually have to try to not improve. Changed my view of what good writing was and changed my writing for the better. Besides, she's so cool!
This was the best class I've ever taken. Lacey's honest, open, and interesting take on popular culture has been the highlight of my semester. There is no one else like her. And she dresses well and is easy on the eyes - win win.  (As for the person below, they clearly didn't learn how to spell and they're clearly crazy and bitter)
OMG she is the worst teacher i've every met. She's just horrible and honestly in her class, i learnt nothing.
AMAZING PROFESSOR! I am a terrible writer, but she always made time to help me out. I must have gone to her office a dozen times to ask her questions about the portfolio. She's always willing to help :)
How she manages to keep everyone interested, focused, and laughing in WRIT 140 is pretty incredible. Lacey is magnetic. Best class ever.
More people should be like Lacey when they grow up.
Lacey's pretty awesome. Also, this is her favorite YouTube video: http://www.youtube.com/watch&#63;v=YLDbGqJ2KYk that should tell you everything you need to know about her & this class.
Lacey is by far the best WRIT 140 teacher, if not the best teacher at USC. I was dreading taking this class, but turned into my favourite one to attend because it was always hilarious and a lot of fun! Lacey has a fantastic sense of humour, she is incredibly helpful and you will come out of her class a better writer than you were initially.
Best Writing teacher at USC&#63; Yes. Best teacher at USC period&#63; In my opinion, yeah. I was supposed to hate this class, but I came out loving it. Miss the guys in my 8 AM section. You will become a way better writer and have a pretty good time honestly. She needs a raise!
She was a great teacher. Really helpful. Even helped with writ 140 papers if needed
She is without a doubt THE BEST writing 140 teacher at this university. She makes a hard, terrible class so much fun. I came out of every period laughing because  of her great sense of humor. The best thing about Lacey is that she is more like a super-cool older sister than a teacher (but in  good way where you still learn and want to impress her)!
Lacey is incredible. She encouraged the class to open their eyes and become passionate, critical, and engaged in the world around them. She teaches you how to form full, educated opinions and put them into writing. Some students are held to higher standards--but that's not a bad thing. She brings out the best in you
Absolute honor to  be in her class.
Seriously the best teacher for writing 140. I have never missed a class and I hate writing.  She really makes an effort to go out of her way and help you with your paper. Go into her office hours, they are ridiculously helpful.
Considering she teachers a Writ140 class, she makes a SUCKYYYY class tons of fun. She's hilarious and super chill. She's also really lenient with the topics and lets you write about things you're interested in. Definitely try to get her if you can!
Lacey is an not only an amazing teacher but also an amazing person.  Truly cares about her students and goes out of her way to help.  Incredibly intelligent and great sense sarcastic sense of humor.  If you don't take her you're missing out!
best writing professor ever!! i had her at 8am... made it to every class. she's fun and hilarious and always willing to help
34388	Kendall	Simmonds	20
I found Professor Simmonds' lectures to be helpful. But like many introductory accounting classes, you really have to put your back into understanding and learning the material. TA's office hours helps a lot. But his tests are extremely hard. But to save yourself a little bit of trouble, pay attention in class! 
This can be a tough class if you are not paying full attention and catch up with his lectures. You learn everything by doing the problem in class so you will be wasting time if you don't know the material well. Exams are easier than lecture problems. Study groups help. Have a good life.
Professor Simmonds is one of the best professors currently teaching at Leventhal. People complain that he is too quick or is hard to understand. Well, I don't think that is true. As long as you pay attention in class, the material is pretty clear cut. And he is always willing to answer questions and to clarify difficult concepts. 
Topics in this class are not too bad. But the professor does not teach at all. His lectures are very hard to follow, impossible if you have not read the textbook before hand. You're better off just reading the textbook chapters on your own. He doesn't take attendance or collect homework. Your grade is 2 midterms, a final, and a group project.
Definitely not an easy A.  He does expect a lot of his students, and rightfully so.  Really helps to read the textbook in advance.  Gets a bad rap for being a poor professor, but if you put the time in and ask questions, he's more than happy to help explain difficult concepts.  Two tough midterms, one group project, one final.
Be prepared to memorize all your notes and the textbook as he is very thorough. His multiple choice questions are harder than the actual problems. Definitely avoid if you can otherwise be prepared for an unnecessarily hard class.
he just bad, can't explain the material well.
WORST TEACHER EVER. Not helpful, classes are useless, did everything via self-study. Take a different prof at all costs...
Great guy. We were very behind due to a couple absences on his part in the beginning of the semester but he tried his best to catch us up. In comparison to Sweeney for 286a, his tests were simple. If you end up not understanding something, it's on you because he makes sure everyone understands a topic before moving on. Patient&helpful in office hrs
Great guy, terrible professor.  That's all you really need to know about Prof. Simmonds.
I dont know why so much negativity has been surrounding Simmonds class but as long as you do the practice problems, show up to class, be engaged, and ask questions you will not only excel in accounting here, you will have a bright future wherever your career winds. Great professor - actually best ACCT professor at Marshall
Simmonds is amazing! Take his class.  Not only will you love him but also his teaching style allows you to ask questions and actually learn the material rather than memorize it! He is one of the best teachers at USC.  I had him for 370's and 470's and do not regret taking his class. Ended up with A, A-, B and B+ in all his four classes.
Worse than useless. Told us to skip a chapter, then had a question on the final that used that chapter, never answered e-mails, didn't send out solutions to h/w after saying he would do so, promised to send us links to textbook chapter notes then did n't, took three weeks to post grades to our finals, and made basic math errors.  Avoid at all costs
none
oh no..... exams are super hard! he only solves text problems in class and expects students to do well on the exams. he is nice but when it comes to exams and quizzes, NO! take Brown instead!
Exams are very difficult. He moves very quickly during class so if you have not read it is easy to get really lost. Very cool and nice guy outside of class, but he gives difficult tests.
Absolutely horrible. Teaches the most basic concepts in class but leaving the tougher ones for students themselves to read and understand at their own time. Who needs him to explain easy concepts when we need to understand the more complicated ones for the exams. Horrible.
Great Teacher! Relates material to business situations and is really helpful.
No Comments
No Comments
1088356	Travis	Williams	20
Smart teacher, bad lecturer, tough papers, must self study to do well. don't take him if u cant self study. 
Travis is a very enthusiastic and involved professor. He is great to have for the first semester of Ochem because he gets you acclimated and moving in the right direction for the rest of the semester. His explanations can be sometimes confusing but he is pretty clear and while his tests are challenging his expectations are clear and he is helpful
Travis is a great professor. Exams are fair and he makes it clear what he expects from you. He's always willing to work with you and make sure you understand the concepts. You work for the grade you get.
Don't do it. Avoid at all costs. Sure, he's enthusiastic but his lectures are all over the place. Doesn't post notes consistently. Recommend taking another prof or elsewhere.
Awful. He's a very smart man but an awful professor. Thinks we're grad students  or something. He should stick to lab and not teaching.  Jumps around the book and makes no sense-slides ane useless. Wants you to memorize pkA table.  Worked in lab... you know what theydo.. they look it up. AVOID Premeds.
People say Williams is hard, but I think he is a GREAT teacher. He is really smart and enthusiastic about the material and does not hesitate to help you out in office hours. His lectures can go pretty quickly, but they are very informative so pay attention in class. The only thing is that his ppt slides are hard to understand without the lecture.
Something to note: they changes the class this year a lot, so I would be cautious of reading reviews from past years.                       Dr. Williams is AMAZING!!!... He is the most passionate professor I have ever had. I LEARNED SO MUCH. He demonstrates his dedication to students by always being accessible and even coming to SI reviews.
I got an A on both midterms but not because he's a great professor, but because I had to teach myself the material and use every outside source I possibly could. He goes way too fast and 85% of the lecture goes over your head the majority of the time. Did not post notes regularly, sometimes he just used the chalkboard. Overall terrible quality.
great professor, enthusiastic, extremely helpful and you could tell he loves his job. really got me excited about ochem... exams are REALLY tricky, but as others have said, he'll go out of his way to prepare you, and you'll be a pro after his class. he'll make the mcat look like a walk in the park. STAY ON TOP OF THE MATERIAL! highly recommend him
He is by far the trickiest professor I've had, but is extremely smart. You really have to pay attention to details with him, but he'll leave you with a really thorough command of the subject.
By far the most demanding Chemistry professor at USC. He is not very clear and tests to lower the curve. Prefers elaborate theory rather than in-class methods to solve problems. Not helpful in office hours. I would recommend taking this class at another institution to conserve your mental health :).
His tests are definitely challenging, to say the least. Very entertaining in class, but like most people said, he goes super fast through the material. He's usually finished lecturing a week before the test. He's extremely intelligent and assumes the same for his students too :/
Well..first of all...good luck. Cuz you will need it
Most challenging professor I ever came across. I actually thing I learned something :)
Oh my god he talks extremely fast. Don't be afraid to ask him to clarify or to slow down a bit, he's definitely helpful and nice about everything. Funny, too! Take his class during fall to see his Halloween costumes. Do the homework and definitely do the practice exams. Write down EVERYTHING on the board and go to class! Seek help, exams are tough.
Seems like a great guy but simply goes way too fast. I have no idea what he's talking about 90% of the time. I much rather slow down and actually learn something
Great prof. Will force you to raise your level by throwing the kitchen sink at you, but he'll go out of his way to get you ready for it if you will. You have to do the work and stay on top of the material or you'll drown. Goes lightning fast in class, but open to questions, and will slow down extra at office hours. He's entertaining too.
This really is a tough class, but Williams gives you everything you need to succeed. For his section, make sure to keep your studies directed towards the test itself. You do not need to do the book assignments, but make sure to understand every practice test and problem and you will succeed. His lectures are entertaining but he talks extremely fast
He's pretty sharp, and he has ambition. He's also new at teaching, so expect his exams to very hard, but he will do his best to prepare you well. You just have to put in everything you possibly can into the class.
Williams is a VERY intelligent man. His love for chem inspires me to try harder in class. his major fault is assuming everyone is a quick learner. He talks fast and should use the chalkboard more to show HOW to write problems. the practice quizzes are really helpful. I really appreciated his passion for teaching and learning. Keep up on the reading
315203	Jesus	Fuentes	20
He is an amazing teacher. He makes dancing fun and he is very lenient when you have to make up a class and he is the best teacher I've had in a long time. 
Jay is great and helpful if you're having problems learning the dances. The classesmidtermfinal are all based on attendance so you have to show up, but there aren't any written assignments and the tests are super easy. He's a hilarious guy and fun to be around, my only issue was that it was a night class.
This guy is hilarious! A real fun and easy class if you have units to spare. However, we didn't learn much beyond basic movements in many dance forms; I wish we'd focused on getting better at just a couple dances. If you're even a little serious about learning ballroom, you can take 188B without taking A first, no problem, you'll learn more there.
One of the funniest professors in one of the funniest classes at USC. Hands down everyone who has a chance should take ballroom, you'll look forward to going to his class. Even if youre tired from a long day, being in his class brings you up. Graded P/F. Would absolutely take his class again..
If you don't take Ballroom Dancing with Jay while you're at USC, you're doing something wrong. One of the best classes, ever!
Only take the class if you can stand night classes. Great class and it is very useful but it's hard to make yourself go to campus at 7:30 at night. Jay is awesome though and is really reasonable so I would recommend it if you are interested in dance whatsoever.
Ballroom is definitely a class you HAVE to take while at USC. It's an easy A and a wonderful stress reliever. We did waltz, foxtrot, jitterbug, rumba, cha cha, salsa and it was all a great learning experience. You don't need to come with a partner; you'll be meeting some awesome people while dancing and the midterms are like a dance party.
Mr.Fuentes is a great teacher. He knows how to make a dance class interesting and helps you open up. Students who come to class with very high stress levels leave the class with smiles on their faces. He has a great sense of humor, and is very friendly. I would definitely take advantage of this fun and interesting class. Highly Recommended!
This class was fun interesting and a great way to relax. You do NOT need to be a dancer to take it (trust me I'm horrible at dancing). The teacher's really funny and nice. Attendance is not really mandatory but you can skip max 2 lessons or u'll have to write an essay. midterms and finals are just dressing-up and dancing to random music
Great dancer and amazing teacher. Definitely a fun class and great elective. Highly recommend taking Jay's class!
A great professor who truly loves what he does.  It's great because you can make up the classes any day during the week.  He teaches the basics so it's great for first timers.  Would highly encourage anyone at USC to take it!
Just learnt some basic dance, but really easy to forget. One mid-term, and one final. In the mid term, you just need to dress up. Attendance is mandatory, and if u miss more than 2 classes, u need to write a 3-4 pages paper. One lucky thing is that u can make up the class u missed. If u love dancing and want to do some exercise, take this class!!!
you will love his class...
Jay is an amazing teacher and dancer. I learned a ton, and I highly recommend this class!
He is sooo cooollll!!!!! What a wonderful dancer and such a friendly and charming man! You will love his class, he is an energetic teacher and knows his stuff. = )
LOVE JAY!! :)easy, fun class. u cannot have any other better elective classes!!
I love Jay!!!!
Jay is great!  Really knows his stuff.  You'll come out of that class having learned so much!
Jay is flaky; he yells a lot, but it's all for show. He's really a nice guy and takes the time to show you all the steps. The class is easy: just show up and do your best. Effort is rewarded. My advice: snag a good partner or take the class with a friend. Have fun!
Jay Rocks!! An awesome teacher, an awesome dancer, everyone in the class learned a lot!!
1126689	Helena	Seli	20
Dr Seli is very intelligent and knows her material.  She is always helpful in and out of class and responds quickly to e-mails.  There is a lot of reading and quizzes every week but if you watch the lectures she pre-records you will be fine.  Her final project is 30% of your grade but you do pieces of the assignment every week so its easy to do wel
Very easy A as long as you do the readings.  Easiest class that I've taken at USC.  Dr. Seli was awesome. She's a fun and interesting teacher. TAKE THIS.
Dr Seli is an excellent professor--the best I've had in the MAT@USC program. She is highly engaged, very interested in her students as individuals, and committed to helping students learn the material in as interesting a manner as possible. I would love to take another class from Dr. Seli.
Dr. Seli is an amazing instructor. She promptly gives feedback, and is very encouraging.  She works hard at making class time fun, while teaching some not-so-fun material.  She is patient and will never make you feel bad if you make a mistake. Great professor.
Dr. Seli is supportive, kind, intelligent and an expert educator!  She helps guide you and encourages you.  She make learning safe and fun.  She is also extremely accessible.  Fight on!
Great professor. The subject is a little boring and the material is very elementary. However, Dr. Seli makes this class bearable and even interesting. She's very enthusiastic about the class and tries hard to engage the students. She cares a lot about helping students to be successful.
Dr. Seli was amazing. Very clear, energetic, and passionate about what she's teaching. Involves the class in lectures. Do the reading and you will be fine on the quizzes. You will get an A if you pay attention and do  assignments on time. Weekly quiz, 2 exams, and a few papers. Not too bad to look at either. Take her!
Dr. Seli is amazing!  After completing all coursework for my doctoral degree, I look back at all of my professors and Dr. Seli was by far the best!  She is  knowledgeable about the subject matter, gives assignments which are relevant to practice, and was so helpful.  I wish that I could have had her as a professor earlier in the program. :)
She is really nice and helpful. Do the reading and the quizzes are easy!
I really loved this course more than any other at USC. Professor Seli is so dynamic, kind-hearted, and knowledgeable. It really helped me to become a better studier and to know myself better. I highly recommend students to take it. You will learn more than you'll ever know about yourself. It's invaluable and prepared me to do my best in college!!!
I don't understand how she graduated from USC. She probably got in when it wasn't well ranked. I had her in my fall semester...what a horrible introduction to the school. Not intelligent AT ALL. Rude. Ignorant. Horrible.
She was an extremely helpful teacher! She made the class very enjoyable. However, there is a lot of busy work involved. I basically got an A because I took Psych in high school. I never really did heavy studying. Just read the book you should be fine
Great teacher. The class was sort of boring but she made it interesting. Labs are pretty fun too, depending on your TA. Overall, a fun loving teacher. Really wants to help you.
Many people in this class probably think they don't need to be in it at all, but I promise they will come out happy with the experience.  Professor Seli is highly knowledgeable, extremely helpful and skilled at keeping the class entertaining.  Quizzes every lecture, but the material is simple.  She prepares you well for exams.
She is a great professor and very helpful. Her class is extremely easy as long as you keep up with the readings. The class is pretty boring to me, but it is not torture.
Took her class based on textbook she wrote about how to pass classes.  Not my choice to take class, required by my program. So easy. Many of my friends read the textbook the day of and passed with a perfect on her quiz.  We played games in lab with TA. Seli had us watch videos.  Nice to talk to, class wasn't totally boring so it was cool.
You have to go to lecture because there is a quiz first thing in the morning. Just read the chapter and you will be fine. Most of the stuff is common sense. Labs are boring but necessary to go to if you want an A. Just try to get through it and make it interesting. You will learn useful study strategies in the process.
this professor is very clear. she is really interested in what she's teaching. very sincere woman. she desperately wants to help students with the information taught. overall useful class when i look back. also there is tons of information but the way she teaches makes the class really easy. the information is memorable even way after.cops paperfun
In order to pass this class, you have to attend lecture, as there is a quiz first thing and you get docked if you miss more than 5 labs.  Otherwise material is super easy, basically common sense and everything you need for exam is in the textbook and lectures.
if anyone takes this class you know what i mean when i say its the easiest in the world. the only thing is you have to go to every lecture, participate and do all the assignments and they are easy so its hard to fail. unless you dont do anything. there are quizzes every first lecture of the week, and the final paper is not hard at all
34381	David	Rollo	20
He's a smart, funny, and entertaining professor. But there was too much archaic dense reading to do it all, so he asks lots of questions to a silent room and just answers them himself. If you do the reading you'll have a great time discussing it with him in class, and if you don't do the reading he explains it in lecture so you'll do fine anyway.
Professor Rollo was great. Made each class interesting, even though it was English Lit of the Middle Ages, which many profs can make very fatiguing. To get a good grade: Show up for class and try to talk somewhat regularly, and either write good papers or meet with him beforehand to discuss. Definitely would recommend Rollo.
Keeps the class interesting. Easy grader, if you put a little bit of effort you'll definitely do well. Keeps the class interesting. Explains  subject matter clearly and with detail. Nice, funny. I enjoyed the class. I can't keep up with all the reading while handling the rest of my course load, but he makes it really easy to skip a few books.
Had him for ARLT100 in Spring 2011, was pretty chill class, he takes attendance, but essays are real easy and final is plot summary. British Accent is nice to listen to lol and the books are pretty interesting (Culture and Revolt) with Gatsby, Catcher in the Rye. Has a certain type of humor but he tries to make the class fun. good prof!
Careful. He has favorites. If you're not one, class is neither as fun nor as easy as it was for some. I had a bad feeling about this dude from day 1. Then I overheard him making some very demeaning remarks about a woman. Too late to drop the course.
As an engineering student, English classes have never been my favorite. I'm currently in his Cultures, Conformity, Revolt class and he has probably been one of my favorite professors to date. There is a lot of reading (about 2 books every 3 weeks), but he keeps the class interested at all times and has actually made me like doing the reading.
Professor Rollo is a GREAT teacher! He makes every class enjoyable and I love going! His British accent is a nice change, too :) Write a few papers and a pretty easy final! TAKE HIM, you wont regret it :)
Great professor. Grades rather easy and wants to help his students succeed. He picks interesting books to read and is a nice guy who tries to make class enjoyable.
Easy class. Show up, listen, participate now and then, write a few papers, and take the easiest final ever. He was witty, humorous, and engaging ? that is to students of his choosing. He disregarded those he was not particular fond of for no particular reason and made these poor souls work double hard to get half the grade.
Great class. Grades easy. Charming and inspiring man. Classes were always enjoyable.
He was unkind to some students, although his sarcasm was occasionally amusing if not used toward cruel ends.  Definitely an easy class but I got tired of seeing the same tight pants and jacket every day.  Wears the same gross outfit all the time! He was so into himself and too flirtatious one-on-one.  Buy some soap dude.
I miss this class! it was fun and really easy. There were only i think 4 papers and the final was just a summary of the books basically. it seems like there is a lot of reading but really if you skim it and read spark notes then take notes in class--which isnt too bad--then you'll be fine...I didnt try to hard and got an A...
You are responsible for about a novel a week and these are reviewed and discussed in class. They are for the most part well-known and interesting texts. Macbeth, The Catcher in the Rye, and The Great Gatsby were among the novels we read. Rollo is very engaging and knowledgable about the material. Great class!!
He still has the jeans, and still has the magic. Great teacher.
No Comments
No Comments
Wonderful professor... and he wears very tight pants.
Great class, plus he gave me a good reccommendation.  Very sarcastic and funny.
Well, read, good teacher, good intellect.  Always wears the same jean jacket
No Comments
342686	Doug	Hammond	20
Knowledgable guy. Super boring lecturer and really bad at joke delivery. But class was a tad bit interesting at times. To get a good grade in this class you have to read the book and attend lectures. Class is curved so you do catch a break but yeah his exams are kinda ridiculous. Field trip was really boring. Just do good in lab and you'll be ok.
A nice and knowledge man, but the lecture is boring. All info he mentions in class is in his book. The key to pass this class is to do well in labs, ignore the lectures, ask questions in office hour, finish the study guide before exams, go through the sample test on website and remember all info in textbook. Then you will get an esay A.
Easy class. But test and lab questions are sometimes not clear. He has his own answers . He says he is open to discussion. But he is TRULY not. For example, if he asks 3 numbers between 1 and 10 and you say '1,2,3', it may be wrong because he wants you to say '6,7,8'. He is such a professor. Creativity(Or common sense) hurts you in this class.
Im normally an A student. This class was just too difficult for me. I missed a Vegas trip to study all weekend for a test and could only muster out a C. If you're a natural science guy, go for it. If not, take something else, this will only lower your GPA. You'll have to practically memorize the footnotes of your course reader to ace this.
Good and very experienced professor but tough at grading and monotonous during lectures, 30% of the class is usually asleep. Take the class only if you are really passionate about Geology, he covers very interesting concepts. Not an easy GE class!
Professor Hammond is very passionate about his subject matter. He makes jokes and tries to make the class interesting for those that are paying attention. If you go to class and skim the course reader then the tests are straight forward. Most of his test questions are in the study guide in the back of the course reader. The lab short and fun :)
A lot of my fellow students said Hammond was excessively difficult. The tests did look intimidating to some on the surface, but weren't that bad in reality. For starters, there's no textbook, only a course reader so that means a lot less reading. I managed to get an A from just cramming with the course reader which as everyting relevant.
Literally one of the best GE classes. I got A's on everything. The labs depend on the TA, but mine was super chill. The labs can be time consuming, but aren't difficult (scored 99% overall). Lectures are long and boring. But the readings say it all. On average readings took 15 minutes. Definitely a take.
Easy A if you are good with science. I just studied for a few hours the night before and ACED the exams. Many people find it hard so the curve was amazing. Just attend lecture and study the chapters before exams and ur good. I didn't even do the readings.
Has to be the hardest GE ever. Class was so boring that nobody went for it. Exams were really hard and field trip was pointless. Guaranteed to mess up your GPA!
He is monotonic and boring in class. Most people stop showing up after a couple of weeks. I slept through every class. I failed both test and still passed the class with a C. It didnt take a lot of work. I just had to read the book and somewhat remember things. He is a nice person but his lessons dont compare to the test. The tests are much harder
This guy is ridiculous. Hardest GE class i've ever taken in my life. Never take this guy for GE unless you're a science major and know your stuff. Ridiculously hard class and he's a horrible teacher. Just dropped his class mid way through the semester. Don't risk a drop in your GPA. The tests are absurd, he's horrible at teaching, and boring!
Hammond isn't a great teacher. He's somewhat condescending, uses rhetorical questions excessively and doesn't always hear you when you answer his questions. He teaches the concepts well though. The students in the class are just really dumb. I've never study/read for class and I've gotten 25% higher than the average student on every midterm.
TOO HARD of a GE class. If you want a drop in your gpa then go take it. Tests are hard. Puzzlers suck. and he likes dinosaurs....
Way too hard as a GE class.  Most of his lectures were from his book, so you can get away with not going to lecture.  BUT, there's just SO much useless information that you needed to memorize for his exams.  I'm a science major and this class is ridiculous.  If you're not interested in geology, take another class and save yourself the trouble.
Horrible class.  Don't take it.  Its way comprehensive and difficult unless you have a very strong science background.  He does curve the tests, but when the class average is consistently a &quot;D&quot; you kind of have to!  Hammond is passionate about the subject, but its still really boring.  Stay away from this class because its really awful.
This is a difficult class. But Hammond is cool.
Extremely difficult for a GE class.  Excessive information needs to be memorized.  Should be a GEOG major course, not a GE.  Dont take unless you dont mind a drop in your GPA.
Do not take his class! Ridiculous hard for no reason. He says he wants the students to learn but it just makes me hate his class. He needs to understand its a GE and nobody takes it because they want to be in the class but because they have to. I can go on but its not enough room.
This professor was difficult because he makes students feel as though they are unintelligent.  I took a W because I didn't want to deal with his ego and his insensitivity.
136404	Jason	Glenn	20
This is a tough Gen Ed, but it's really run by the TA. Glenn had outfits that made it all worth while. Those pants. And sandals and that purple shirt. And sometimes, the ski cap. 
Inspirational. Dapper. Smells great.  He seems like he's totally spacing out and you're not learning, but then at the end you realized that you learned stuff.
One of my fave classes evarrrr! A very interesting approach to history and oodles of uber fun reading!  Plus and let me clue you all in on a little secret, best thing about the class is that Glenn, scratch that Dr. Glenn has a Leonardo DiCaprio look to his complexion ;-) 
Professor Glenn has his own unique teaching style, and it's actually really cool. You read primary texts, make your own ideas about them, and discuss them in class - you read textbooks at the end of the semester. He's all about history in perspective, not just accepted at face value. He challenges you to read a LOT and work hard, in a good way.
Favorite professor at USC. Wasn't really interested in subject matter before taking this class but Glenn makes it interesting and engaging. Doesn't lecture too often and lets students make their own conclusions about the reading material before saying anything -- interesting teaching style.
This was one of my favorite classes at SC. HE IS NOT AN EASY PROFESSOR. Don't expect it. You have to do a lot of reading, and actually think about it. Participation is important. But I've rarely learned so much, it was like a minor epiphany every class. HIST 300 (now 201) is a strange course, and his version is brilliant.
Not a great professor. Extremely unclear in lectures and does not agree with you if you're point is different from his. extremely harsh grader. Please drop ASAP and stay away.
Take this pass/no pass. Lectures were useless. Grading was fair. Only 2 short essays throughout the semester and short-responses every other week. Not a difficult class, but a lot of reading. Though, the final is 50% of your grade.
BY FAR the most work I've been expected to do for any class this year, which says something, I'm an engineer.  13 books listed plus more on blackboard, and is a jerk about making everyone read everything.  It is too much work, but he says he doesn't care.  On the plus side, the papers are short, and no real exams... doesn't make it any easier &gt;:|
So much reading. I also got my first F on a paper, and I'm a writing major. I usually love reading, but this class required more time put into it than all of my classes for my major put together. It's also expensive with all the books you need. Only take this class if you're a fast reader, and have an interest in medieval culture.
This class is ridiculous. Way too hard and intense for a GE. I feel like the professor wants everyone to fail and the TA's also expect an abnormally high level of comprehension from their students. I dont know anyone that is taking this class and enjoying it in the slightest.
One of the best history professors in the department. Very thought provoking and encouraging to form your own opinions. Allows a lot of freedom for creativity. If you're smart, hard working and have an interest in your education (not just grades) definitely take the class. If you're just looking for an easy A with no work, run for the woods :)
Glenn expects a lot of you.  People talk about how hard a grader he is- you HAVE to go to class and you HAVE to do the reading, but there are no midterms or finals and he's pretty easy on the papers. Not hard, just a lot of work. If you can do it, you're fine.
In the beginning he tells you to drop the class because its a lot of work. Its not an empty threat. He assigns a ridiculous amount of reading from books not in the bookstore. You have to hunt them down yourself. Expensive! He urges you to talk but berates you during discussion no matter what your point is. I dropped with a W. Stay away!
Prof. Glenn is a great professor. He doesn't lecture much, he just moderates the class discussion. He is clear on his expectations and is fair on grading. Attendance policy is strict-your grade will suffer for not attending discussions. More than 14 books required for the class! Expensive!
dropped. should've read the reviews earlier. thumbs down.
the guy thinks that not giving you background or any kind of help allows you to figure it out on our own. all you gotta do is read like ten medieval books. well, i don't think so. and he was so mean everyone had to drop the class. the ta's were also very aggressive and didn't let you make your point. horrible class. stay away! tough grader.
If reading isn't your favorite thing, DONT TAKE HIST102!!! His approach to teaching is interesting, but he doesn't give enough background for the class to make much sense at the end. Bottom line: if you're lazy don't take it. If you don't mind reading, it's a great class
I had him for 2 classes at Syracuse...He had a different approach to teaching which was hard, however, they were the two best classed I took there.
Had him at Syracuse for a great class, wish he stayed there longer. Great guy.
534458	Stanley	Rosen	20
Very knowledgable professor. Knows a TON about Chinese history and culture. However, he mainly uses documentaries and guest lecturers to guide the class through. His tests are completely essay based and require WAY too much information to study beforehand.
Irresponsible, inattentive and disorganized. I would say the class is honestly about 50% documentaries, 40% Guest Lectures, and 10% actual content from the professor. He mostly just sits there and plays docs nonstop, despite being capable of imparting knowledge and help on an interested and curious group of students. Instructor fails at teaching
This class is WAY too hard for a GE. Rosen shows movies every day so although lecture is technically not mandatory, you have to go to get all of the information. You also have weekly reading that although are not long, pile up. He gives ridiculous study guides for the test that are too hefty for a GE. Overall, great guy, cool class, but too hard.
Prof. Rosen is fantastic. Learned a lot in this class, really increased interest in East Asia. Knows EVERYTHING about Asia. Really interesting approach to teaching. Midterm and final are HARD! Huge study guides you have to go over. If you want to do well you need to attend class and do reading b/c there may be info from any movie/book on the final.
Professor Rosen is a really nice guy. However, like others have pointed out below me, his class just has way too much information. Overall, it was pretty easy if you understood most of the questions on the study guide. But I can see how others might not do so well if they have absolutely no interest in the material.
Awful class, awful professor. Watched boring documentaries almost every class, never discussed them, not really sure how most of them were related to the class. Midterm and final are ridiculous. Only one of the TAs is helpful, and even she hated this class. Don't take this class.
Rosen is a great guy and obviously knows a lot, but I didn't like his class. The films had very little to do with politics and the books assigned were for the most part not related to the movies
I also have no idea why people say he is easy because his midterm and final is rediculous. If you get Lindsey Ramon for your TA... be prepared to work harder than your classmates because she's the hardest TA. All the other TAs don't even care.
I have absolutely no idea why people say he is easy. Too much stuff. Extremely boring documentaries. The study guide he has for the mid term and final has 60 IDs and 10 essay question out of which you only have to attempt 2 IDs and 1 Essay question on the actual test. So basically you just spend hell lot of time studying for the exam
Nice guy, and interesting but confusing lectures (too much information to really absorb everything). It's very much an introduction class. Heading towards finals soon, not quite sure how to study. Maybe I'll rewatch the films :)
If you want to watch movies for an entire semester, then take this class! I'm not sure I learned much but I liked the movies.
The movies shown in class are great but he assigns books that are seldom discussed in class. Students study last-minute for the mid-term because we're not consistently learning in class.
Professor Rosen is knowledgeable in his field, however, he seems a little too arrogant about his interests. If you're not a Chinese student or have intensive knowledge in the subject, he's not really interested in what you have to offer. He's definitely not the type who would mentor you if you're interested in the subject.
EASIEST A you will ever get at USC. I took it during the 4 week summer session, we watched movies every class, lots of subtitles! No tests, only 1 paper which your class grade is based. Very eccentric and easy-going. TAKE HIM! He let us go over to his apartment to watch movies on blu-ray! Show up, watch movies,good  paper = A in the class.
Nice guy.  His lectures have absolutely no bearing on the midterm/final or term paper, but I go to them as more of a cultural experience.  He is very knowledgeable about everything Asian and teaches a fun class.  Pick this class for an easy Category II class.
taking his class right now and its really fun! we watch a lot of movies and documentaries that could be boring sometimes but you need to know the content in order to get excellent grades in exam. professor is a great guy! also, there are a lot of study guides floating around so revision shouldn't be a problem!
Lecture seemed useless to me. We watched movies almost every class meeting. They were helpful, but I expected more lecturing. When he did lecture, he would go off tangent and I was left a bit confused. He had great knowledge of the subject matter, but no one really paid much attention. Also, there was too much reading to really absorb everything.
No Comments
Classes are easy and if you are really bored they might be enjoyable. Take his classes if your other ones are hard.
There wasn't any homework, I didn't do any of the readings, I slept through 2/3 of the lectures, never reread my notes, wrote my term paper in 2 hours, didn't study for the midterm or the final, and I still got a B in this class. Prof. Rosen is a nice guy, but don't expect too much from this class.
491417	Lori	Meeks	20
Dr. Meeks is enthusiastic and really makes Japanese lit. shine. Wouldn't say that it's an "easy" class, but if you put in the effort and participate in the discussions, it will pay off. And though there's a good amount of writing and reading involved, it isn't overwhelming. Definitely recommend!
Took this class last year and I loved it! It was my first seminar class and Professor Meeks made premodern literature incredibly interesting. In the beginning, it was really intimidating to take a 400 level class but Professor Meeks is very helpful and is very fair with grading. Make sure to talk to her!
I took this class my freshman year in fall 2012. I really enjoyed her class! She was very nice and although there's a good amount of readings, if you keep up, you'll do well. The papers are a bit difficult, but if you go to office hours, she helps you work through concepts. I learned a lot about Buddhism that I didn't know before! Recommended!
For a GE course, it's okay.  Could be more interesting.  Too many guest speakers becomes distracting.  No real course direction.  Meeks –– sweet but tries too hard to please students.
Favorite GE so far. This is the type of class where you can either do the reading and miss a lecture or two OR go to all the lectures and miss  couple reading. She clarifies everything completely. Very easy if you do either. Fascinating subject matter and best guest speakers ever. Take this class.
Meeks covers a wide range of Buddhist literature without betraying the depth of the material. The numerous guest speakers offer an excellent alternative perspective on the material. Meeks was happy to entertain questions beyond the scope of the curriculum and provided study guides making the tests straightforward. Take this class!
Really enjoyed this class. Although there was a lot of reading material to get through and a lot of information, if you stay engaged and come to lectures and discussion, you should have no problem. Meeks is extremely knowledge and happy to help you out. The TA was also excellent at assisting in essay writing and understanding the concepts.
Professor Meeks has a great enthusiasm for, and a deep understanding of the course material.  Not an easy class to add to a full course load, however the readings are extremely interesting and relevant.  You must attend lectures to do well, but they are truly a pleasure.  Amazing class and professor.  By far one of my favorite undergrad classes!
Meeks is cute and sweet, and knows all there is to know about Buddhism. But her lectures are disjointed, made worse by the fact that she doesn't use visuals or PPT. TA graded everything and was unfriendly and dismissive. Way too much reading for a GE, but if you commit to it and do all the work well, it's pretty interesting.
Such a boring class and way too many readings. Got overwhelmed and felt really behind...mostly because I didn't have time to do all the assign readings. You must do the readings because tests include quote IDs. Not an easy GE. the TA graded fairly hard too
EALC with Meeks was a great experience. I learned a ton about Japan, and as long as I kept up with the readings, the lectures were interesting and engaging. Lots of reading, but learned a lot.
this class requires a lot of work for just a ge. you read like 7-8 books. can make do without reading all the assignments, just make sure to go to class bc she clarifies main points in the reading. prof. meeks is very kind and friendly. she shows a genuine passion for her subject and it rubbed off on me. if you are up for the work, take this!!
Lori is one of the best professors I've had at USC. There is a lot of reading, but she breaks it down in class and presents the material in a way that makes you excited to learn about it too. She is always available to help and is understanding of how busy her students are. Definitely take Buddhist Literature with her if you can!
Take the class if you can. Lectures are entertaining and interesting. Also, Dr. Meeks honestly wants everyone in her classes to do well. She's extremely helpful and kind. She's really intelligent, but, not gonna lie, she's also insanely hot.
No Comments
Material is a bit disorganized. Boring content. But she's very pretty so that makes up for it:)My TAs doesn't know anything, which makes it a bit difficult.
She looks like Kate Hudson. Very intelligent, and has an extremely cute/funny laugh... and has this tone in her voice sometimes that is just amusing. She's very outspoken and while the subject matter is difficult, everyone feels free to ask questions when
do the readings and you'll be ok.
Very hot. Shows a lot of care towards her students. Relatively easy. It's a Religion course so the content is, naturally, convuluted and obscure. I would recommend the course.
Good teacher, knows her stuff.  Class is based on 2 papers and a final (with a few quizes amounting to only a small fraction of the final grade).  Extremely boring content.  And she is definitely hot.
1564049	Douglas	Burke	20
Hilarious and awesome guy; not that great of professor.  Incredibly smart, but expects students to be able to follow his fast and complex calculations.  Attendance is taken via quizzes, but his hilarious antics make going to class worth it anyway.  Does and says ridiculous things.  Near-incomprehensible lectures - S.I. got me through this class.
Burke's a great guy. Professor? Not so sure. This class can be confusing without prior programming experience. However, If you have a friend or two that knows what's going on in the class, you should be ok.
Test every Friday for Phys 153 but if you show up to class it's easy to know wat will be on it
Awsome dude
Dr. Burke was a wonderful teacher. He taught me about programming. I remembered a lot from his course. He got me started in programming in C++. I am now in CSCI103 and am remembering some of his lectures. Good Guy over all.
The haters need to lay off. Burke's matlab class was fun and he's a great teacher. Crazy smart too
He's an awesome and funny guy, but not a teacher. He makes you feel really confident about your grades, and it seems really easy, but since it's easy and there is a curve, even if you do really well, everyone does really well. He told me I'd end up with a good grade but unfortunately I didn't. very confusing....
I'm pretty sure he was high for several of the classes... Either way, he makes no sense, does ridiculous things, and in general is a hilarious professor but awful at teaching. It's worth going to class just to watch his antics, though.
Interesting professor who was not very good at teaching. Jumped straight into the material. Challenging class without prior programming experience. Might be more helpful during office hours than in class, during the lecture.
What can I say... If you have no programming experience you won't be able to well in this class. He jumps right into material without teaching it. Long useless lectures but he is helpful during office hours. Do your labs with friends and you should be fine. But still terrible professor!
Never go to his course any more after several times. He don't teach too much. I did most of my study by consulting Chinese TA and friends.
The class isn't too hard but him and the TAs aren't super helpful. Do the labs with a friend. It's hard to actually understand what is going on unless you have prior programming knowledge.
Easy A class. Hilarious professor. Good for students who just want to fulfill a GE requirement and don't want to go deep in science. He gives out pratice questions which are highly likely to appear in real exams.
Burke is one entertaining teacher. He does problems instead of going through the theory of physics which helps a lot. He actually just comes up with problems on the fly and works them out all throughout class, preparing you for the midterm. Also, He's VERY entertaining. He made physics fun. If you look up his name on youtube you'll see why.
With enough initiative and time management, this class is an easy A. Also, his lectures are always enjoyable and humorous, while he also gives great insight on how to approach programming methodology.
Easy to get an A. He's hard to understand and learn from but programming is all about learning things on your own anyways. If you have enough initiative to get help and want to learn then you will easily get the contents of the class mastered.
Undoubtably a hilarious guy -- has the playfulness of a 10-year-old. He's also friendly and wants you to learn. But he doesn't do a good job explaining programming concepts to beginners. Very easy if you already have decent programming experience; otherwise, it might be frustrating.
He's crazy.  Not a good teacher. Pretty much teaches random things and no one knows what he's talking about. Everyone ends up working together on the labs. All the labs are mandatory attendance.  Easy class to get an A
Entertaining teacher. But when he tries to teach it typically goes over everyone's head and you just have to learn it yourself. If you can pay attention he typically does hw questions in class before they're due, but its pretty hard to stay with him up until then. Also curves based on people not numbers.
Cool professor, useless when it comes to actually learning though. You can tell he is probably a genius, but has no idea how to share the material with his students and everyone stopped going to class because it was worthless to be there. Spends more time telling worthless stories than teaching physics. Avoid if possible.
979291	Alyson	Mischel	20
Alyson is amazing! She's insightful, has had so much experience, and is such an engaging teacher! class was always interesting. she was so nice and the class was great!
Very knowledgeable and helpful, wish I could have taken the consecutive course with her was well...
I was not at all interested in the subject matter of this class before taking it. Alyson harvested a deep interest in me in politics & social work by the time the semester was up. The material is good, especially the movies (the book is boring, but she does everything she can to keep it interesting). Take her class! She is smart, funny, inspiring!
She is an amazing instructor. Helpful then entire semester and responds to any questions very quickly. Her passion and knowledge for her subject matter is evident and she makes learning easy. I loved having her this semester. Take her if you can!
Alyson is energetic and passionate about the coursework. She was able to explain the material in a very clear and concise manner. I was not very interested in the subject prior to attending this course but she is very inspiring and I find policy work much more interesting now.
This professor is very nice and helpful. Yes, she is very liberal and I had no interest in this subject, and still don't. You do 3 papers that are all related, submitting the last one as an editorial to local papers. All in all a good class though.
I thought she was great! She was always open to opinions, and she was great about getting back to you through email or phone. Very helpful!
She teaches SOWK 503 and 505.  I did not like her teaching because she's liberal and lets students know it, rather than being respectful and fair.  Some of the comments she put on my papers were very rude simply because she did not agree (instead of objectively looking to see if I made points and backed them up.)
She is a fantastic professor and you will be very glad you took her.  Alyson is kind, enthusiastic and her classes are fun and engaging.  She gives her students everything they need to do well in the class, including reading drafts of papers and outlines if needed.
Super clear and helpful and class was always interesting.
She's a great professor. She might come off as a bit stand ofish at times. She doesn't realize she can be rude at times depending on her mood. You can call her on it and she will apologize and changes her attitude.
Great instructor. She is passionate and is willing to fill you in with that same passion she teaches with.
Her motivation, intelligence and enthusiasm is contageous!
Prof. Mischel is super smart. She kept lecture on task and I learned so much! The papers were lengthy but she grades leniently!
She's great!
Needs more experience to bring into her lectures. Did not learn much from her.
Very nice and helpful, but unclear and inconsistent when it came to paper expectations and grading.
Alyson is a great teacher, very helpful, and knows what she is talking about. I did not have an experience anything like the one previous described. HIGHLY recommended.
No Comments
really interesting class discussions, shows interesting films to keep you interested.  seems to actually care
885989	Amon	Emeka	20
I had for stats and he is always willing to help. His lectures are clear and he makes sure to go over some examples. Definitely had to use the book to learn some things on my own though. Learning SPSS is a bummer, but it's not his fault.
Super nice professor, as long as you show up to class (especially bc its sociological stats) you will be fine. He's really helpful and clear, never demeaning if you have questions. Tests are very similar to his study guides
It is one of the better GE6 courses. The readings are extremely important compared to the lectures and discussions. (I earned an A by doing all the reading seriously but dozing off in most lectures.) Professor Emeka takes role by asking students to response a short in-calss prompt, but he and his TAs never really read the responses.
Good professor, easy class. Guaranteed A if you do the reading/go to class; he literally gives you the questions that are going to be on the mid-term and final weeks before the tests. Nice guy and a pretty good lecturer. Very easy to contact or see in person my year since he lived on campus. I would recommend this class/professor for GE cat VI.
There is a lot of reading for this class every week, but it was definitely the best class I took this semester. I found most of the material very interesting and the teacher is super nice and easy to talk to. I really recommend this class.
He is hot. It was easy to get an A, since he don't curve.
Prof. Emeka' lectures were pretty interesting. My discussion was boring, but that's because of the TA. There is a lot of reading, but I spaced it out and it became really doable. Most didn't do any of the reading and did fine. I got an A.
Put it this way, I took this frsh yr [when ALL I cared about was partying-kicking myself now!] & I still managed a B+ AND actually learned a lot. Since attendance isn't mandatory missing doesn't kill your grade, long as you do the work! No need to read, in lecture you can't help but soak up the info. Really good class, esp. the class discussions
The midterm/final are questions about the stuff in the course reader, never about what he says in lecture so it's kind of unnecessary to go to lecture. People complain about reading, but if you sit down and do it, it takes 1-1.5 hrs, twice a week. Not that bad. Takes some effort to get an A but not that unreasonable.
Great Professor! He is so helpful and so engaging. Class is not boring because he is so good at explaining what he is talking about. One of the best professors i've had at USC.
The class was really easy...common sense stuff usually. I don't think I cracked the book open beyond studying for tests (which are multiple choice & pretty easy). Good class discussions too. One of the better GE's. He's not bad to look at either... :)
Emeka is a a very nice and apporachable person and an good Professor. He shows great videos but often lectures can seem long and boring. If u attend lecture and discussion it's an easy B.
Class was pretty boring. He is very knowledgeable but definitely gave a lot of attitude when in a couple emails.  Aside from personal bias against him, he is a decent teacher.
He's a really nice guy, really knowledgeable, and pretty approachable. He especially likes athletes, which is a little frustrating if you aren't one, but he's really smart and overall great teacher. Great guy.
He's such a nice guy, teaches well.  Definitely reccommend him, just go to classes and stay on top of your work.
Great guy, awful class. Attendance is not mandatory for lectures but it is for discussion sections. Reading the book is not necessary either. Just an obvious class.
good interesting class. going to lecture doesnt really make a difference except to get some notes about readings. tests aren't completely easy but they definately aren't hard. discussion sections are mandatory and have really interesting material.
No Comments
Emeka is a good guy. Lectures aren't mandatory but discussions are. His lectures can be a bit boring but there are some good videos he shows. There is a lot of reading to do in this class and its pretty important. Theres no more quizzes, just 1 midterm and 1 final, and 2 papers. The papers aren't too bad they're only 5 pages each and easy to write.
LOTS of reading. classes can get boring too but lessons are very thorough. attendence is pretty mandatory but only because you get quized every week and stuff from lectures, you could just wing it.
718782	Jay	Edwards	20
Edwards is fantastic. Makes writing interesting. Let's you pick your own topics to write about. Very understanding that we are students and not professional writers. Highly recommend taking this class!
AMAZING PROF
Jay is the most helpful writing professor one can have. He really goes out of his way to help you in all aspects of life. Very understanding, but not an easy grader. You get one freebee late assignment, but use it wisely. Office hours are the best, you never feel like you're with a prof, yet learn so much.
Didn't think he was as hot as this site portrayed him to be, but regardless he's a very chill, relaxed, cool guy- great sense of humor and VERY enjoyable for a writ340 class. pretty lenient with assignments, but not an easy grader. young and very friendly with all his students. liked him/his class a lot but a bit bitter about not getting an A
Awesome and gorgeous. Helpful, good sense of humor, easy going, young and smart. Not as hard a grader as others say, but he's the real deal. I learned a lot! Great class plus he's fun to look at
Hes a very meticulous grader, but his lectures are pretty helpful, and actually enjoyable. His conferences are excellent though. I really didn't capitalize on my A1 conference so I got a B, but Ive gotten all As after that - if you pay attention and bring solid outlines and pre-prepared research he will really help you out. Great class, great Prof.
Really chill professor. Truly makes you become a better and more critical writer. He ingrains certain writing methods in your head which help in all classes onwards. Also really flexible with topic choice for essays. Grading is rigorous but is rubric based. He holds conferences with students before every essay and truly helps you shape your thought
He is very helpful and funny. Although he is tough grader, he allows a lot of flexibility in assignments. The key to A in his class is going to his office hours before turning in assignments A LOT.
fantastic teacher, very enthusiastic about helping his students learn and really helps you become a better writer. Not an easy grader, but if you work with him you will do fine. HE IS SMOKING HOT
Extremely helpful, nice, and encouraging. Pretty fun class to be in, although the writing may not be considered the most favorite subject, it's a fun class to sit in. He's a great guy, just take him!
Jay is extremely helpful. He is a great teacher although class can be a little boring. He is willing to help you out by sacrificing his own time. can be a hard grader but if you show that you care, he won't be too bad.
Pretty chill, laid back teacher, but I'm not sure if I would want him for writ 330. Questionable grading system. Classes were a little boring though, but is very approachable.
all his students love him!!! Jay is fun and extremely helpful. He actually made my writing 140 class an interesting one.So get him if you can, seriously!
Cool professor. Very young, nice guy. Not the easiest grader but he's more than willing to help and spend time working with the students. Good teacher to have for writing.
hot, friendly and helpful.  very easy on the eyes!
He's really fun and makes writing 140 interesting. Everyone has horror stories about their writing 140 classes, but my friends and I actually enjoyed going to Jay's class.
A fun teacher overall. He's quite lenient as a personality, but not necessarily with grading. However, I've been getting A's on my past few essays, so Jay's not an &quot;impossible&quot; grader. He's really nice and available during office hours if you need him. If you can take him for Writing 140, do so. People actually don't dread coming to Jay's class.
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
1233487	Roberto	Delgado	19
He loves his subject and could talk about it for hours, but he is very boring. I had trouble staying awake in lectures. Tests are incredibly difficult but the TA's and the professor try as best as they can to help you. DO ALL THE EXTRA CREDIT including JEP. Way too hard for a G/E but if you study alot and do the extra credit you"ll at least get a B
Professor Delgado shows very high interest in what he teachers, mainly on primates and what not but the class itself gets very boring most of the times, if you are not interested in this type of coursework. there is no curve in the class but he does offer a few extra credit assignments here and there. the exams can get fairly difficult in the class
Material is fascinating, but lectures are so boring. Attendance is not taken into consideration, but the discussion sections are. My TA wasn't very good. The textbook is MANDATORY. Read it and study it. Go to lecture to clear up some dense concepts, but don't rely on the lectures as your prep for the exams.
I liked class...but he doesnt really pay much attention to atendance, this is a class for people who like to read... so if u read the material you will be in good shape.
He doesn't really engage students with his lectures, and the fact that he doesn't check attendance guarantees that several students skip class on a weekly basis. That said, he's a pretty straightforward grader and offers several extra credit options to boost your grade.
This class is way too hard for a GE! He doesn't curve the class and for the tests if you don't every little details he talked about in lecture you're in bad shape.
Very tough grader and does not curve. As someone else stated, the class average was 75% but most students will get a bump to the next grade. Lectures were a little dull, but the material is interesting. He is very helpful outside of class and has high expectations. Not by any means an easy course but you will learn a lot. Overall a decent professor
Extremely boring class, my test grades actually went up from not going to class and just reading the textbook and doing the review guide he gives out. Extremely unfair grader as he does not curve, average grade was a 75 last semester so you can be 13% above average and get a b still. Way too hard for a GE
This was a small upper-division course with only 15 students so it was quite intimate. He gives you a lot of reading but you spend most of class holding discussion and everyone finished with an A or B in my semester, even though some people barely showed up, didn't seem like they ever read, or even talked at all. There is a final paper though.
i'd like to say otherwise, but he's just too hard... I found 200 to be easy, but 400 level classes are nearly impossible... very high expectations, lots of reading
I love robert, but his tests are killers. I'm an A student working my ass off for a B.
This class is split into 3 sections. The first is like high school microbiology with an intro to genetics. The second is about apes and the third is about humans and fossils. The labs are easy, lectures are not necessary to go to. If you can memorize well this class is easy to go through. Delgado is funny too because he has a little stutter.
He's a nice guy but this class is just so boring. This class isn't even about humans for about 80% of the time. It's more like remedial high school biology. The tests require tedious memorization of a wide spread of material, making them rather hard. The labs for this class are totally pointless and do nothing but pile on busywork.
He is a really nice guy and the class feels like a discussion, not just someone talking at you. There are very few assignments and none of the tests are cumulative, not even the final. It is a great class to just talk in and I have learned so much- very interesting! Take this class:)
SO BORING AHHHHHH!!!!! I WANT TO DIE AHHHHHHH I am currently in class and i cant do it anymore. DONT DOOOO IT!!!
this class was sooo boring and difficult to memorize so much dry information. exams make or break your grade.
This class was really difficult for me and I am usually a straight A student. DO JEP - DO IT, it replaces a test grade worth 30%. Always go to lab. Lecture is pretty boring. Read the book.
Professor Delgado teaches straight from the book. He knows the material really well but the subject is very, VERY boring.
He is a great professor! He is VERY helpful and his teaching style is clear. Lectures are based on the book material which makes for straight forward exams. His exams are non-cumulative and the 3 midterms worth 30% each. He also provides you every opportunity to do well in his class and offers multiple extra credit opportunities. Take this class!
34377	Jim	Ellis	19
The GLP class has been extremely interesting.  Speakers each week share their stories and business knowledge, and Dean Ellis shares his experience as well.
Dean Ellis is so open to speaking with students, so take advantage of his office hours and go talk to him about anything! Honestly, he wasn't there when there were football games the next day, and when he was there, he didn't really say much, however,he is such a cool guy. Get to know him and let him get to know you!
Truly the best I have ever had anywhere
Truly the best professor I have had at two universities....that's why they made him the Dean
THE Best professor at USC....period
Best teacher at USC, by far
He doesn't exactly teach our GLP class, but anything he says is amazing. I wish I had an actual class with him!
No Comments
awesome professor.  definitely one of the best classes i've ever taken at USC.  i'd take the class again if i could.  business students if u can take a class by ellis, do it!
No Comments
GREATEST professor in history. He is the greatest man, I wish he was my dad. Miss him the most from SC.
One of my top two favorite classes at USC (Certainly one of the classes that I learned the most in)
Ellis was awesome!!  The best marketing professor I've ever had, he is real inspirational.  His career in the sales field is amazing, brought alot of his outside experiences into the classroom.
Best professor that I ever had.
No Comments
No textbook... easy test.  Partcipitation counted 30% towards the final grade.  A really nice and inspirational professor!
Best teacher ever!!
Great techer, best I ever had
No Comments
57115	Doug	Thomas	19
Terrible. Nothing original to say, just boring, predictible nonsense. 
THIS IS AN AWFUL CLASS. I know someone who dropped their comm major because of this class. Doug is apathetic, and your grade solely lies in the hands of your TA (who also don't care at all). Class lecture is super boring - Doug lectures to the class the entire time and brings nothing new/exciting to the table.
Doug is really cool and I think teaches valuable information. Class was easy. I may have retained more info through a different test-taking style though, like multiple choice, but I get why he does the style he does and can appreciate it. Try to connect w/ whatever he is saying to help you on the test. Reading not required really.
Doug is a fun professor who tries his best to be an unconventional teacher to keep people interested which is awesome, but I'm not a fan of his testing style experimentation and feel like he doesn't explain as well as he should for something so different. Also the TA I received for him obviously does not enjoy/agree with Doug and makes it clear
My new idol. He knows his subject matter, he explains well. He has revolutionary ideas about the education system are great. This is an excellent eye-opening course if you are willing to listen. I love the open-book  finals and if you care enough you CAN get an A. Your discussion section teacher will also make a difference. Mine was great!
Great professor. His lectures were based on presentations that he puts up on Blackboard, going to class was important because what he had to add to the slides verbally helps. Different method of testing, 2 midterms+ 1 final, all 25% each. Your grade can depend on your TA; I was lucky, ended up with an A+, but some of my friends weren't so lucky.
I have to say COMM 202 is the all time WORST class I've taken here at USC. The Prof. is IMPOSSIBLE to reach. Ignores emails. Puts himself first. The tests are beyond vague and therefore make it hard to get a good grade on. Combine that with the world's most lazy TA and a boring subject and you get the worst class at USC. I REGRET TAKING THIS COURSE
Doug was awesome! If you're a comm major (or if you have to take a free class) take this one! Chill class, with few people. Very fun ideas and stuff to talk about in regards to technology; although there's a paper, its fun to write and the final project is great as well. Everyone talks and contributes and its very fun. GREAT class to take!!!!!!!!!
Doug is a great teacher and has TONS of knowledge on the subject. While his lectures can be pretty boring- it is only because of the content- not him. He uses great examples to keep the class interested. Shawna was an amazing and helpful TA. Class is hard due to subject but I don't think anyone could do a better job teaching the class!
Doug Thomas is very knowledgeable about the material, but his lectures are extremeeeeely boring. My TA was great and sent us out power points to study, so I got an A- in the class without doing any of the reading. There are 4 assignments and 3 non-cumulative tests, and all of the stuff is pretty straight-forward. Attendance is kind of mandatory.
No Comments
Great teacher. Very nice and knowledgable about the subject matter. Lectures can get tedious at times.
Best class i ever took at USC, Doug is my favorite Proffesor at USC
boring course
Nice Professor. Long and boring subject.
Too hard to get an A!!
really nice guy.  tries hard to make lectures interesting but sometimes the material makes it impossible.
No Comments
No Comments
1853365	Michael	Shindler	19
He really cares a lot about his students learning the material. He makes everything as clear and easily understandable as possible, which is a feat given how difficult the material is.  He's extremely helpful if you go to office hours as well. His exams are fair, but if you don't put in the work, you definitely won't do well. Very fair grader. 
Lecture: Very clear, always invites you to ask questions, gives good handout Grading: Everything is very well thought out and considered Homework: homework is helpful, appropriate difficulty Exams: Very fair, what you will expect Person: Shindler is a guy that CARES, really if you go to his office hours you can tell.  TAKE HIM! :D
Great stuff. Very helpful Exams were easy if solved all assignment problems
Definitely one of the best professors I've had at USC. He keeps the lectures funny and interesting, and is always super clear. He also has a very fair way of grading homework and scheduling when assignment are due. I would highly recommend taking his classes!
I attend his discussion sessions. He is brilliant. He knows the subject matter really well & I tend to understand the concepts better after attending his classes. 
Professor Shindler is downright an amazing professor. Just because the subject matter is tough doesn't mean he isn't explain it well. In fact, he makes tough concepts easy to understand. Great lecturer with a good sense of humor. ALWAYS available to ask questions, not matter what, he'll make time. Most of all very fair, he wants you to succeed.
Brilliant professor makes you work hard but it's so worth it.
Prof. Shindler is one of the best prof in USC. He explains concept very clearly( if you read the topic in advance that will help you a lot). He is very kind and very helpful person. He replies to all your emails within 24 hrs or within half hour even. His assignments are very tough and you might have to ask for extension also. But worth taking.
The best class you'll ever take! Prof. Shindler is awesome. He makes xkcd and Star Wars references during class. His assignments are hard but they're worth it. They are very amusing. (Like helping Indiana Jones retrieve stolen treasure using network flow). This is true even in exams. Very helpful during office hours. He's Excellent!
He is a great professor. His lecture impress me a lot though his material is hard. Well, everybody knows algorithm is not easy. He is highly responsible in email and he is really patient to student. His office hour is always like a RAID in World of Warcraft but you can also make an appointment. I will use his phrase as a summary: excellent!
The professor is great. He can clarify all problems clearly. Definitely, it is not an easy course, but the payment worth. If you spend more time on the course materials and make sure that you understand the questions he marked out on the textbook, you will get a good grade.
really good professor, he is young but he explain things clearly and he really understand students. All in all, he is a very good teacher.
Excellent professor. If you get the chance, take 570 with Shindler. He is one of the best professors at USC. He has clear explanations of the material and answers any doubts. 10/10! wonderful
Nice professor. The class was a bit useful for interview prep, if you are starting from level 0.
Micheal is a really teacher, he knows a lot and is ready to help you whenever you need him. But you might need a little basis about algorithms to really enjoy his lessons.
The true is that he's young and knows a lot. He provides some good explanations to problems. However, he's not organized, and that kills me. If you are a person who is able to make his own annotations on everything he says you will be fine otherwise you will be like me, LOST. Some of his phrases: cool, welcome back, so far so good. Exams are hard.
He is good. But he is not that real good. He is still young but he is very helpful. I would give him a 7 out of 10
So far so good, excellent!Michael is excellent, perfect, humorous teacher iff without his TA Rajan! We should stop Ranjan to become the fastest person who will obtain PhD degree in USC history.
Micheal is a new professor. But we all like him because of his rich knowledge and great sense of humor. Taking his lecture make me comfortable, though sometimes the course content messed me up a lot.
445441	Nake	Kamrany	19
This dude is hilarious. He should be a comedian, not a damn teacher. He must be a smart dude because he used to work for the world bank..... BUT he really doesn't show it in class. Read the book and go to the TA discussions. Half the test answers will be his practice questions which you go over in discussion. Easy class but not very engaging.
Kamrany has very interesting theories and is obviously well educated in Economics, but he taught my intro level Macroecon class as if he was talking to students who were already experts in the subject. I read the textbook and took notes from it and did fine in the class.
Do not, for the love of God, take this class. Look at all the comments. Kamrany is by far the most disengaging and tedious professor I have ever had. I only went to class a couple of times during the semester to make sure I could keep skipping. You only need the Samuelson text book. This class is an insult to the university and to my intelligence.
He doesn't really teach, his accent is difficult to understand, only 1 of the TA's [Chueng] is helpful. the tests are ok but you must know the textbook [not his, which is a waste of money] forward and backward. The questions don't make sense a lot of the time on the exams tho so he curvese them. Not easy A, unless you do the absurd 10 pg extra fred
Terrible professor. Never helps his students. He even gave incorrect equations to the class.
His lecture PPTs were filled with spelling errors, confusing and unnecessary for tests. Some of his tests were on material not assigned, but he curves the tests so it is not that bad. He understands that kids are motivated by grades, so he gives extra credit assignments and for attendance occasionally. buy the txtbk for tests  but not his.
it is possible to get an A in this class, but you have to go to every lecture and take copious notes. he is a really intelligent guy who is qualified in the field of econ, but hes old and getting quite senile. his lectures are super random. makes you buy his book, which a lot of the tests are based on. dont need the other book at all.
THIS MAN IS NO TEACHER. YOU KNOW MORE THAN HIM IF YOU HAVE A LITTLE CLUE ABOUT ECON. WHAT A JOCKE.....STAY AWAY
Very easy class, he tells you what to study for during every class before the midterm and also go over the key concepts in each chapter he tells you to read. Final was really hard though, but it was made by a really strange TA.
He's funny, but has a very strong accent that makes it hard to understand him. Read the book, because he gives misinformation during lectures and his tests are based off the book, not the lectures. His tests are inconsistent-really easy then really hard, etc...He likes those who participate and it seems like he prefers some students over others.
He is a very easy teacher teaching a very easy course, he gives you reviews before each test where he gives away at least 5 answers and tells you what else to remember, our class had 4 or 5 midterms but we got to drop one, final isn't cumulative
What a joke.  If you care about learning anything at all, you will avoid his class.  His lectures usually have nothing to do with the exam materials.  He rambles on and on, and when it's exam time, he'll point to a load of readings that were never assigned, and tell you that the exam question will be drawn from there.  AVOID!!
Loved this class! I don't agree with the other comments, this professor is articulate, charismatic and helpful towards students. One of my fav professors and a very interesting class. Yes, the tests are hard but if you're well prepared, you'll be fine. Kamrany is great!
told class that he &quot;advises&quot; Afghani President Hamid Karzai. Not really a professor; actually a lecturer
one of the worst teachers i've ever had.1- impossible to understand 2- the test questions do not at all pertain to the material learned in class 3- RUNNNNNNNNN!
Impossible to understand, tests contain the most random questions ever.  Even if you understand all the concepts, his tests will trip you up because he enjoys tricking students.  Do not take intro to macro with Kamrany, do whatever you can to get Al-Sabea because everyone I have spoken to in his class loves it...Aweful Class.
No Comments
No Comments
1)He talks a lot about his working with the World Bank and in Ghana. 2)He gives very little info in his course, so his tests are very easy. AND: you can retake your tests. 3)There's a mandatory class presentation that is in fact optional.
1197386	Yingying	Fan	19
I was really worried about taking Statistics because it is really hard, but Prof. Fan simplified the materials for students to understand more easily. There are a lot of equations to know but she provides several past exams for practice prior to the midterms and final. Overall she is very helpful, patient, and clear when teaching the materials.
Sure, the material is incredibly difficult and she does have an accent that made it hard for me to understand, but she is so helpful! She's readily available to everyone and she even lets you come in during her non-office hours. She will sit down with you and explain to you every concept multiple times.
Wow looking at everyone else's comments I feel like I might be a little harsh but I hated this teacher. So boring. Her english needs a ton of work, example: she pronounces alpha like arfah (and every word is like this) Totally lost in the material because I can't understand. Bright side is you can shrink the midterms for a cheat sheet for all tests
Great professor ever. Very clear and helpful.
Prof. Fan is very clear. She teaches form powerpoints which may sometimes be hard to follow but she is very clear in her explanations and will answer questions. Plus, if you look over the powerpoints before exams all that didn't make sense will. Her practice exams are just like the real exams. I'd recommend her.
Great professor. Very clear during lecture, even with a slight accent. She's very open to questions during lecture and after class, and is eager to help everyone understand the material. I've never done any stats before and I'm not at all lost, I'd definitely recommend taking 310 with her.
Everyone needs to remember that 310 is a hard class so of course the class itself is confusing. But from what I hear about the other profs, Fan is definitely the best. She's the most organized, she has decent slides and if you go to office hours she will help you understand. The subject matter is difficult  but she's definitely the best prof to get
Overall, statistics isn't my strongest subject in school, but was still able to do good in this class. Although it's hard to understand her at times, she still tries to help you out during office hours or through email. I highly recommend you visit her for help on homework, practice test, or even the minitab project(she practically does it for you)
Of all the BUAD 310 teachers, Fan is the best choice. Yes, her accent can be hard to understand initially, but you get used to it.  Her powerpoints  are very clear. She is also SUPER helpful in office hours.  Tests are all multiple choice, and she gives you practice tests from previous years. Learn how to use your calculator and it'll be a breeze.
Fan isn't necessarily the best teacher, but she really tries to help you.  She gives you points just for writing your name.  She is willing to help you on your case project, and basically does it for you.  Her tests are relatively simple, straightforward, and the curve for her class is really good.  I would definitely recommend taking her class.
Contrary to everyone's comments, at office hours she basically does the homework for you! Yes, she may be difficult to understand but she is not as bad as other asian professors I've had. The tests are fairly easy, a bit tricky but if you know your stuff you should be fine. She goes through the material slowly and I agree that lecture is torture!!
The worst professor ever. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS, if you don't have any prior knowledge to Stats, she ruin your GPA
take everyone's word for it. she's not a good professor. class was a waste of tuition money. she basically teaches off the powerpoint. her accent is thick so you can't understand her anyways. and she doesn't explain problems or answers well. although the material and tests were fair and easy at times it's not worth it.
cannot understand her. when she says &quot;in other words&quot; i thought she mimicked a cat, like, &quot;MEOW.&quot; didn't go to her classes cuz all she covers is the powerpoints. her HWs are easy but the test, they are not hard, but TRICKY. one word you don't catch, and BOOM, one point off for 25 multiple choice. and it's some stupid tricking (ex: variance/SD)
Awful teacher. Didnt understand a word she said. Did not help at all during office hours either. The only way I passed the course was by paying a tutor to teach me the information. Stay away from her
Useless.  Thick accent.  Terrible explanations.  Borring 2 hour lecture.  STRONGLY ADVISE AGAINST.
Doesn't speak English. Subject matter isn't very difficult but students weren't able to understand the teacher. Did not help at all at office hours.
She's really boring. It's a two hour class but the last hour is torture
Her tests are easy but she has a thick accent. I read the book a lot.
920206	Nathalie	Burle	19
A sweet, caring and informative professor. Very grateful to have had her as my professor and hope to have her again. She's the best. 
Best professor I've had at USC! She loves having discussions with students and really wants to ensure that you succeed. Really get to know her if you can, she is so sweet and intelligent! She is a MUST for any French class! :)
Nathalie is the best teacher I have ever had at USC. She makes French SO interesting and she's encouraging to those who are a little behind the rest of the class. She makes sure the topics discussed are interesting, and she's very relaxed when it comes to exams and assignments. You MUST take her if you can. She's the epitome of a good teacher.
she is the best french teacher ever !! i took her class last whole year from 120-150 this is the best experience ever! take her class if you can! gonna take her class next semester! j'adore Nathalie.
Burle is one of the nicest professors at USC. She is very approachable, and extremely helpful. She is more than eager to help her students, and makes it a point not to fail any of them. The key to this class: GO TO CLASS. She goes over everything you need to know. No trickery. Do the work and you're guaranteed a good grade.
Nathalie is the best french teacher I have ever had!  She is so encouraging and approachable.  She is prompt with answering questions via email and wants to help her students succeed! Awesome awesome awesome professor!
She is so nice and pretty. I hope she'll be my french 2 prof too.
hot, smart, n sweet
Super easygoing and sweet! Best French teacher yet, and you still learn a lot! J'adore Nathalie! Sa class est la meilleure!
such a great teacher! fun and interesting, super cute, and entertaining.  she really wants us all to do well and is super helpful.  i only wish she taught more french classes!
Very encouraging and sweet. Concerned with her students' progress.
She is incredible to have in the classroom. She really wants you to learn and emphasizes not only the French language, but also the culture. Take her if you can!
I hated french before and she made me love french. she is kind and passionate. i truly enjoyed this class.
She was a great teacher and I actually enjoyed waking up to go to class. I wish she taught french 4 also.
She is fantastic. She's funny, intellectual, truly interested in her students and the subject, and passionate. She truly is more like a friend than a professor :)
une prof. très sympa,gentil, jolie et amusant. Elle est plus une amie qu'une Prof. Si vous devez suivre un cours de Francais III prenez Natalie!
No Comments
she was great! such a sweetheart, especially if youre on her good side. i loved this class because of nathalie.
No Comments
34532	Chunming	Wang	19
I would NOT recommend Chunming Wang for any course you take at USC. His lectures are unclear, irrelevant to course topics, and often exceed the allotted time for class. His tests are often filled with frustrating traps and trick questions. Class averages are often extremely low and most if not all students rely on curving to pass.
Chunming Wang is the worst professor I have ever encountered during my time at USC. His lectures are unclear, irrelevant to coursework, and always exceed the allotted time for class. His tests are extremely difficult, filled with "traps" and trick questions that only serve to frustrate students and bring down grades. Avoid this prof at all costs! 
Avoid this class if possible. Prof. Wang is brilliant but has a very hard time explaining the concepts to students at times. Relied almost entirely on the TA to explain the concepts and she was great in doing so
I do not recommend taking this class. He is hard to understand at times. Many need to rely on the curve. You need to study on your own a lot of the times. If you go to office hours, it might help. The TA taught us most of the material
The homework did not match the tests. If other professors are offered, then take them. If you end up with this teacher, then hope that you are on the high end of the curve. He often messes up in his lectures and has to backtrack. His lectures are confusing at times and he often goes over the 50 minutes of class given. Hope for a good and clear TA.
Horrible professor. Left lecture more confused than ever, irrelevant homework assignments and impossible tests. He got irritated and angry when students didn't know the answer but failed to explain anything well. Do what you can to NOT take this professor.
This teacher is awful. He cannot teach and he makes exams so hard.
if you take his class, then good luck. i hope your GPA wont drop too much. TA is much helpful than him. He always tell something he thought useful but actually not practical at all. the test gonna be weird.
Confusing lecture, even if you have a book in hand, you may not know what he is talking about. Very bad board writing, abnormal and ridiculous test. Office hour is useless. Highly recommend those who take this lecture go to the other instructors' classes
Bad professor and bad textbook.  Very confusing lectures.
Avoid him at all costs!!! Very unclear lecture, unclear textbook, and his office hours don't help (when I took it in 2009).  My friends in his class this semester have the same complaints I had. He blames students for bad test scores when he doesn't explain concepts clearly and carefully.  He assumes that students can teach themselves the material.
He was an alright professor. His tests weren't too difficult as long as you studied for them. He moved very fast through the subject matter though so if you don't pay close attention it's really easy to get lost.
Unfair grading on exams. Tends to teach concepts in a manner much more complicated than they should be. Overall he's a good calc prof if you've already taken calc before, but if not, you're screwed.
Worst Professor ever. Can't teach and blames students for poor performance on exams.
Very unclear, creates confusion over minor details. I learn much more from my TA during the discussion session.
Very unclear.  Not very prepared.
Just find a different professor...this guy cannot teach and is unfair on his tests and with grading.
This professor has a tendancy to be overly detailed. He will make a whole class out of the different notations for a derivative. With patience, he is a decent professor and a nice man.
No Comments
493364	Nick	Stoubis	19
Would take it again
I love him so much. He is the best professor at USC. His really funny and thoughtful. Even thought I didn't know how to play the guitar, I learned a lot. Take this class!
I've taken guitar classes before but NIck's class is the most helpful in helping me grasp the techniques and theory behind guitar playing. His way of teaching actually made me look forward to going to class. He has so many unintentional and interesting life lessons every class that i'm always curious about what he has to say that day.
Nick is a great guitar teacher and very nice man! I really learn a lot from him and master many basic skills of guitar. I plan to take at least 3 of his course(120b, 120c, 120d) for deep learning of guitar in the rest three years of university.
Great guy, great teacher. Really tries hard to make sure everyone does their best, and makes learning everything fun. Gives you midterm/final beforehand so you can study the answers. Just make sure you practice from time to time and you'll learn alot and become a much better guitar player.
Nick is a great teacher and I learned so much about guitar that I never knew about in the past. He's so talented and very good at what he does! Exams should be fairly doable because he gives you a study guide that is EXACTLY what will be on the test
Super cool and funny guy. He is superb at guitar and makes it fun and easy to learn. He explains things clearly and gives students a greater appreciation for guitar.
Amazing teacher! Sit in the front so he can watch you play and help you out, don't be shy--he's a funny guy who loves to teach. Gives written portion of midterms ahead, no reason to do poorly in the class. Performance is tricky, you MUST practice regularly things he tells you to look at every week! The key is keep calm, keep a consistent rhythm!
He is amazing! Always makes really funny jokes and is really easygoing. The class is easy, there is a midterm and a final, and he basically gives the exam in the review the week before. Definitely recommend this class with him
Very easy going and fun guy.  I enjoyed this class and learned a lot.  Nick is a great guitarist and you can learn a lot about guitar too if you take this class and put in some effort.
Most amazing teacher ever, and when he plays guitar it's like butterflies are tickling my ear drums..in a good way
he's cool and talks to you a lot and makes sure you understand. he's really good at guitar, too
very funny & cute prof, easy going, a music genius who doesn't brag about his talents.  an enjoyable class, 1 midterm & 1 final (includes written + performance -- written part wasn't fun though), attendance counts.  two hours pass by too fast in this class. recommended!
Really cares how his students are doing in class.
I took him for Guitar, hes an incredible teacher and really nice to boot.
Awesome, good guy. You have to push yourself but he will teach you any type of guitar you want to learn.
No Comments
Kind of a flake and really lax.
Nick Stoubis is a funny guy, easy class, but if you want to learn to play good you have to be dedicated.  Unfortunately, he is not good at stopping people from talking too much about irrelevant topics.
286252	Ron	Hock	19
Hock's last lecture before retiring was with my class, so I guess this is unnecessary, but I just wanted to say I loved this guy! He was so helpful and clearly into the course material. The class was straightforward, and I actually developed an interest in it by the end of the course. Great guy.
Took it as a GE, was the most interesting and easiest GE ever. He is retiring soon, take his class before its too late! I wasnt a very religious person, but going to his class is like a story telling class. You basically go to lectures and listen to bible stories. He assigned readings for every lecture, it's good to read them, not required.
Dr. Hock was an awesome teacher! I had very little interest in Greco-Roman Religion before I took the class and walked out fascinated!! He has quizzes every week, two exams & a final. You can replace an exam with a paper, if you'd like. Just absorb all the detail you can in lecture and you'll do great!
The most adorable and endearing little old man on campus. I heard he's retiring (really) soon, so if you have a chance, take his class for sure. It's not the easiest class, but definitely doable. Highly recommended!
FAVORITE PROFESSOR! very interesting lectures, very helpful. As long as you attend lecture, you'll do good in this class.
As a Religion major I took a lot of classes with Prof. Hock and saw him outside of class at department functions.  He is a wonderful man and a wonderful professor.  His classes are so interesting and I was surprised at how much I could learn in a field that I thought I knew a lot about.
One of the easiest GE's i took, may seem like a lot of work, but even if you don't read, you'll be fine.
Professor is very easy and keeps his lecture right on what the review sheet covers for the midterm and the final. If you sort of keep up with the reading you will be totally fine.  Not a hard class and it's actually pretty interesting.  Take it and pay half attention and you will get an A
The workload for this class isn't that large. He goes through all the readings, gives review sheets, etc. Show up for class and it's an easy A. (If you can't do that, please just drop out of college.) This class was incredibly interesting and I learned a LOT. Dr. Hock is probably the best professor I've had. He's very kind and also very clear!
This was one of the most useless classes i've ever taken. If you're not christian DO NOT take this class. The class would only be easy for a Greek philosopher. Too much reading, for a 100 level GE class there was a TREMENDOUS amount of work.not worth it at all. If you fall behind one session, you will not understand anything from there on.
i love this class.. great professor, i really enjoy his lecture
dry and boring. i hate this class.
great prof who cares about his students and what he's teaching. no need to do the readings, as he outlines them and explains them very well. he is always in a good mood and even takes students out for lunch. definitely take the class.
He was great!
One of the most interesting professors I had at USC.  Truly cares about his students and loves teaching.  A bank of knowledge!
A fine professor.  A fine man.
My major had NOTHING to do with religion.  I took a Hock class for a GE and then I loved him so much, I started taking upper religion classes just to learn from him....he's amazing.  Hands down-best professor I ever had.
I was really able to connect with him and enjoyed the material that he presented even though we differ on religious views.
one of the best there is in SC
1357671	Dan	Fishbach	19
He makes us laugh at 8am which is tough to do.  He's really smart and if you do the work he'll make you a better director and actor.
He rocks.  Great directing prof
He's a really chill guy most of the time. Occasionally gets pissy and is sometimes unclear or indecisive. Overall, pretty good.
We've had 2 days of class and so far I've learned more about theatre from him than anyone else!  Plus he's cute and funny haha
He rocks!  Funniest prof I've ever had and one of the best!
Just took directing with him.  He rocks and totally makes 8am class amazing!  You have to work hard but he'll make you appreciate directing and theatre like no one else can!
One of my favorite profs.  So passionate about theatre.  He wanted us to work collaboratively and so he would on occasion step back.  One of the most exciting experiences ever!  Loved it!!
He encouraged us to take ownership of our characters and included us in the process of the directing.  It was uncomfortable at times but I know that it made me a better actor and I thank him for it.  I think any fear people felt was just because they hadn't worked in an organic way like that before.
Seriously one of the most stressful experiences I've had in my life. Rehearsals were a nightmare and students received very little guidance from him. Did not create a very safe space for actors. Had great enthusiasm for the piece, though. I didn't think that he didn't want the best from us, but had a really hard time communicating with him.
He's a really good teacher if you take the class seriously.  My class was at 8am so a lot of people ditched a lot or came late so they didn't do well in the class but if you take it seriously he will help you a lot in both your acting and directing.
Yeah I agree he is a great teacher as long as you come to class and pay attention.  he def wants to teach you the rules first before you break them and i think he encourages a lot of risks.  I really think he's a great prof and has helped me as a director and an actor a lot
I think the poster below doesn't really understand how to direct.  I am currently in his class and he encourages you to follow guidelines before you break rules. He's one of the best teachers I've ever had and has helped me a lot in directing.
Nice guy, but not a good directing professor. The structure of the class is totally repetitive and boring, and if you don't do things "his way", he'll grade harshly. I just don't like that he isn't open to alternative styles of directing and he's very discouraging to anyone who takes risks. Nice guy, bad professor.
Very smart guy and will definitely help you improve.  If you take the class seriously you will get a lot out of it.  if you don't you probably won't.  One of the funniest profs ever too!
Very knowledgeable professor. There is a lot of reading out of the book during class, which can be awful at 8 in the morning. You MUST go to class, have reliable actors, and do your work -- he's a bit merciless with that. Has a good sense of humor, however, and is easy to get along with.
He wasn't very effective for me. His lecture style of getting the class to read from the textbook aloud could use improvement.
Extremely knowledgable professor who will definitely help you improve. Lots of fun. However, he does play favorites and will be harder on you if you aren't one of them. You've got to work your butt off if you want him to take you seriously, but it's worth it (He also brings in notable performers during class).
Love him. Awesome professor. Didn't care at all about directing before him. Now I love it.
Awesome! Love him!!
1569826	Olanna	Mills	18
Took a class I never thought I'd find interesting: Classica Africana. But Professor Mills is such an amazing teacher that this class actually became my favorite of last semester. Each class period went by very quickly and she is fantastic and keeping the class engaged and really creates an enjoyable atmosphere. Definitely take a class with her!
She is the best! My favorite professor ever!!!
It cheers me up just to think about Olanna Mills. She's always so energetic and passionate. I loved her Los Angeles and the American Dream class. I think any new student at USC should take it to get a sense of the rich and controversial history of LA. She keeps you engaged throughout lecture, and the subject matter and tests are pretty easy.
Professor Mills is THE BEST professor at USC. I took her classes for an entire year and we continue to stay in touch! She's straightforward, exciting, friendly, helpful, and incredibly knowledgeable. She's young, fun, and always tries her best to make lecture engaging! If you don't take her, you haven't truly experienced USC!
Mills is the best professor I've had at USC. She's so passionate about all the material and really cares about all of her students. Don't consider taking anyone else for GE5.
Best professor I have had yet! She is so passionate and fun. Great teacher, take ANY class of hers.
best there ever was
Professor Mills is one of the best professors I have ever had. Very passionate about what she teaches and genuinely cares about her students and being fair.
She is by far one of the best professors I have ever seen.  She clearly articulates her content in an easy to understand way and is so excited about what she says.  Seriously.  She's always smiling to the point where she's almost glowing and very excited.  Great professor.
Professor Mills is so passionate when she lectures. Her happiness is surely contagious. Easy class if you attend lectures, since she will tell you everything you need to know. Must read all readings though for unannounced discussion quizzes. Midterm and final are all writing - essays, short answers and paragraphs.
Professor Mills was so kind, helpful, and passionate. I wasn't thrilled about taking this course, but she was so excited about the material that she made me excited. The midterm and final were very easy. She gives you everything you need to know. Great professor
Really nice lady. Passionate about topic (Black Social Movements). Took it as a GE for a grade, you can get an A easily as long as you do most of the reading and/or pay a lot of attention in lecture. She usually reviews the reading in enough detail in class to cover stuff you didn't read. Really helpful on  test prep, discussion was laid back.
She's amazing! Prof. Mills is always excited about the subject she's teaching which makes the class fun. Fairly easy assignments.
why are you reading this&#63; Her rating is awesome. She's awesome. Sign up for her class already!!
LOVE MILLS. she's so adorable and so enthusiastic and that's what makes her class so interesting. It's definitely an easy class and I didn't do any of the reading but I still feel like I learned a lot. AND I did well on the midterm/final. Not a difficult class and for sure a fun one!
Really great teacher, very enthusiastic and upbeat. Kept class interesting with her passion for the topic. Exams weren't hard because she prepares you well for them. Overall, a great class and a great professor!
Amazing Teacher!!!!!!
Olanna is the epitome of amazingness. The class itself is pointless and a lot of people never go, but whenever I did go, it was only because I wanted to see her excited, sunshiney face, overcome with enthusiasm for &quot;Sunshine or Noir.&quot; I just want to put her in my pocket. Easy A too.
677848	Erin	Moore	18
Really interesting subject material and a super nice teacher, but the work load is INTENSE. Getting an A is doable but you really really have to put in the effort. A lot of reading. Always do it the night it is assigned. She prepares you well for the quizzes and tests, but again, you have to put in quite a bit of effort.
Attendance is necessary as all the exam material is discussed in class. Significant amount of reading, but Professor Moore is very enthusiastic about the material and tries very hard to make you care. Definitely recommended for Health and Humanity Majors!
Great class, makes you realize there is far more diversity in South Asia than one might think! It is very important to stay on top of the reading, and engage yourself in class. Your level of dedication to the class and your opinions affect her impression of you!
As said before her grading often reflects her opinion of you. She gets very mad when you miss a class and is strict about assignments which are before EVERY class. I loved the material, did not love her. Take if you can handle a lot of reading/work for a 101
Interesting subject. She can be swayed by whether she likes you or not (lectures are discussions; ask questions!). Tedious reading assignments w/ paragraph essays that are emailed to her before class. Do the readings before class, take notes in lecture on her study guide and you should be fine. She's communicative and interested.
Grades and her attitude are heavily reliant on whether or not she likes you. Final grades are swayed greatly because of this. Not a good professor.
It is a very interesting class. However, her lectures are bland and can get very boring at times. She can be very unclear at times. There is a lot of reading to do. Wasn't that bad, but would have preferred another class.
Prof. Moore is very dedicated, very enthusiastic, and was a pleasure in class.  She goes out of her way to bring her own experiences into the classroom, and she is very available outside of class to meet with students.
she is disorganized doesn't go into depth about the material esp when there's essay tests you should go into depth, too many readings, annoying that you have to read every night and email a response. The tests are hard, and it's not fair that she wants so much detail since she doesnt even go into detail during the class
I enjoyed this class a lot and Prof. Moore is very good about getting the whole class to participate. I liked the opportunity for extra credit and the project to find your own healer outside Western medicine to interview. Some of the exams were difficult to comprehend but overall it is an interesting course!
Dr. Moore was extremely helpful to me. I don't know what anybody else is talking about but she was very nice, willing to help me and meet after class.  I really enjoyed it.
Dr. Moore is a great professor.  I don't know what these other bafoons are talking about she really knows her stuff and enjoys teaching.  Plus she's willing to meet with you for help! I recomend her.
Professor Moore was quite possibly the worst professor I have ever had. Not only were her views myopic and her explanations of them thought provoking in the least, her class demanded one thing: regurgitation of the material without any original thought not opinions of ones own.
Professor Moore is the worst college, and maybe high school professor, I've ever had.  She can't spell, can't pronounce, and doesn't know what she's talking about half the time.  She told the class to contact one of the students if we had questions instead of her.  Her exams are arbitrary.
No Comments
Professor Moore is excellent. She really cares about her students and will try very hard to assure that her students understand the material being discussed in calss. Her tests are not too difficult so long as you have done the assigned readings. I absolutley recomend taking one of Dr. Erin Moore classes. You will learn alot and enjoy doing so.
Dr. Moore is very dedicated, an excellent teacher, and has great stories from her times in remote places.
She is disorganized, lazy and rude.  The coursework is dull and her exams do not reflect the material discussed in class.  Avoid her at all costs.
1538668	Rebecca	Broyer	18
Dr. Broyer is so kind and funny. She's always offering to help on worksheets and is always asking to make sure we understood whatever she just went over. I feel so much better about my chemistry abilities because of her. I would totally take her again if I could. As long as you listen to her lectures an do the examples with her, you'll do fine!
Very easy course. Prof Broyer was crystal clear. Lab and lectures were super easy. Interesting demos.
Very smart, young, and relatable professor who clearly knew her stuff and communicated it well. Cute, too. Very glad she's teaching organic next semester. 
Prof Broyer demonstrated the best knowledge and she is an amazing professor
Professor Broyer is a fantastic professor  if you're willing to pretty much use her lectures as a supplement to your own self-study. Definitely do all the book problems and the practice exams TWICE! I personally didn't find SI too helpful since the book does such a great job at explaining everything. Also, the powerpoints are really great too!
A really confusing professor; not helpful; and very rude.  The class is easy however.
BELIEVE ME THIS IS A REALLY REALLY EASY CLASS! Professor Broyer was extremely crystal clear, and the lectures were highly systematic. She was really really nice and willing to give out extra points. I got really high grade on this class. Very recommended for GE3 requirement. As long as you are not "science phobic".
Going to lecture is essentially useless. Worst professor I've ever had. Very unclear and confusing explanations presented in class. It's very obvious she doesn't put much time before her lectures. Curve is unreasonable. Scored 30 points above average on every exam including final and received A-. AVOID AT ALL COSTS! Learned everything from book.
She does not explain concepts well. When she lectures, it sounds very unprepared and unclear. I studied hard and did pretty well. Self-study with the material is key!
Only reason I went to class was for dat chili pepper. Everything was on the slides. Last chapters were condensed.
Tests cover stuffs that we didn't learn in class..
WORST  PROFESSOR EVER. I am not a science major, but this is supposed to be a class for non science majors, and while the first professor in the class made sense, she didn't, and made all of her exams INSANE. I would have had an A in the course if she had not taken over. Confusing, SO boring, and inconsistent with exams- messed everyone's grades up
Got a great grade, but not because of her teaching. Do practice questions and read the book and you'll be fine, but her lectures are unclear and unhelpful. If there wouldn't have been clicker points, I would have never gone to class. She also seems unprofessional, and very disinterested in the subject matters she teaches about.
great teacher; responds very promptly to emails; gives you practice exams that are pretty much identical to the real exam. worksheets are easy and you get help and points for being there/doing them. she's a really good lecturer and obviously she's beautiful but she's also an amazing professor. very happy i took her
Really good professor. Let us know exactly what was going to be on the midterms and her lectures were so well done that I rarely needed to read the sections in the textbook. Gave me a really good foundation for Chemistry. She does do in class worksheets that you have to be there in order to get credit for.
The subject is difficult, but she is an amazing professor. lectures are clear. GO TO HER OFFICE HOURS! she will help you in any way she can. terrible class, awesome professor
She's a very nice professor, i thought. Certainly helpful...and most definitely easy on the eyes. Ask around, its pretty much one thing everyone can agree on
Good professor, cares about what she is teaching. Clear instruction and very willing to help anyone who is in need of help.
1285212	Alison	Trope	18
Really cares a lot about what is going on at USC. Knows a lot about theories and is good at making them matter. A very thought provoking class. Hard to consume pop culture after!
Trope is really funny and smart. She has a dry sense of humor so I get why some students wouldn't get it. If you are against reading, thinking, and being creative don't take this class. If you came to college to be educated and develop a deeper understanding of the world-- aka, not be an ignorant person-- this class is for you. 
Trope is nice, but words cannot express how dull this class was. Many comm classes try to make COMMON SENSE academic, but this was the worst offender to date. I'd say the professor is passionate about what she does but nobody else is and it makes the class unbearable to sit through. Literally wrote papers about Instagram and hashtags. Don't take it
Her lectures can get pretty confusing sometimes because she tends to give a lot of examples that you may not completely understand right away but the discussion sections help clarify a lot of the material. She is very knowledgeable about the subject and talks about a lot of relevant examples that made class interesting. Only 1 midterm and 3 papers.
The material is supposed to be interesting, but her teaching style makes you hate the lectures. 
I wonder how someone could teach such interesting materials so terribly. She makes very interesting topics so boring. The midterm wasn't that bad, but here are three confusing writing assignments. Long sentence short, don't take this class.  
Personally, I think Professor Trope was a great teacher, especially for her Communication and Culture class. She is very well-versed in all sorts of popular culture, and she had a full understanding of what she was teaching. Her lectures might have been long, but the material she taught was very interesting. I didn't think she was boring at all. 
She is boring and an ineffective lecturer. Teacher assistants were tough graders. Lots of reading. She takes roll so you have to go to lecture.
Trope takes roll and classes are soooooo boring and slow. She sucks at lecturing and her slides are all text. The TAs don't grade easy and there is a lot of reading!!!!
NOPE. DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS. If you like long boring lectures, tons of reading assignments you don't understand a thing about, and philosophy, confusing writing assignments, do so, but all students consider her class as something to be avoided.  Her TAs are much more helpful than her. NEVER take this class.
She is super cool. We watched a bunch of cool video/movies in class.
Such a disorganized teacher, her lectures are boring and her essay prompts are unclear. She made such an interesting topic utterly unbearable. She grades papers so hard and her grading rubic does not match the prompt she gave us. Unrealistic expectations, do yourself a favor and avoid her at all costs, students from other classes detest her too.
This class was not interesting at all.  Her paper prompts are extremely confusing and convoluted. The lectures are not helpful at all because all she does is ask questions about the concept without providing real information about the concept.Its hard to study for the midterm when you look at your notes and see you never learned about the topics.
I wouldn't recommend you to take this class if you hate theories. The readings are interesting but the lectures, not so. I very often think I benefit more from reading than from lectures --- it gets really boring at times.
Trope tends to rely on Powerpoint to teach course material. Sometimes this lends itself to boring lectures. In this class you choose a topic for a project that you work on the entire semester. She is somewhat helpful in office hours. Recommend this if you like to be creative. Love that it is a smaller class.
She's very passionate about what she is teaching which sometimes comes off in a negative way but her lectures are always interesting and the reading makes sense. But it is a feminist class so you have to realize her position to understand where she is coming from.
The class really is not that fun, sad to say but it's a pretty much useless class.  Although most other comm core classes are useless too.  She looks good though!
No Comments
15632	Hadi	Moradi	18
Not great at 102, but in 351 he really showed he knew his stuff.  He's just not able to take it down to an easy enough level.  I hear he's good for robotics too (445).
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
Mandatory daily sedatives.  Can't explain anything!  Horrible!
Boring Class, all a review of previous materials
No Comments
horrible, just terrible. have to basically teach yourself.
Material disucssed in class isn't on test. Plan on reading the entire book!
Don't blame the prof if you yourself are hopelessly poor.
assignments hard... lectures boring... exams difficult... helpful during office
did not answer questions, read "lecture" verbatim from textbook
No Comments
No Comments
I know my C++ and I still did horrible on the tests... poorly written questions
Bad grading system. Dinged for trivial things.
have him for CSCI102 and it's your damn funeral. useless, can't explain jack.
very easy, explained everything away, didn't even have to read the textbook
20276	Leonard	Adleman	18
Really nice guy, with some obvious fame, but he's humble. Not the greatest at explaining some of the topics, comes with age I guess. His grading split is really odd (no HW grades, all on quizzes/tests and how much he likes you), but tests are reasonable. Nice not having to do the homework! Fun tangents.
I took this class in 1996, I think. It's one of two classes I look back on with fond memories. I think the material was hard, but this is a 300 level class. Sorry, but he's not there to be a teacher, guys, that's for high school. This is a professor who is really into the material and can help you understand it too. Really fun and enlightening.
Adleman is a good guy and fair. He's open to students but his classes are difficult for undergrads. In the very least you can say you took a class with the &quot;A&quot; in &quot;RSA&quot;
I took this class when i was an undergrad, he is clearly a genius. HOWEVER, this doesn't mean he can teach. At my time, he didn't have office hours. Also, he doesn't make the material very clear to the students. Though its hard stuff, a good teacher can make anything understandable to students. He is obviously at USC for the research money. Too bad his teaching skills are terrible.
Waste of everyone's time.  Anyone actually interested already knew it, and were an extreme rarity.  This is a class designed for people who are going to get Ph.D.'s, but regardless, it should be made accessible, useful, and interesting, instead of the acad
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
Undoubtedly a genius.  Very interesting material (if you can handle CS theory).  Unfortunately he's also kind of a jerk.  His daughter is super hot though...
Lectures don't help. Neither does the book. You're better off sitting in class to find out what topics are covered, and just research them on your own. Adlemen is smart, but he's not a teacher.
No Comments
One of the smartest I've ever had.  I think he's a good lecturer, but overall what you put in is what you take out, in this class.
No Comments
Interesting class and definitely worth while taking with Adelman.
Extremely smart guy and famous too, but didn't make much sense in class and grading was a bit arbitrary (probably TA's fault).  His lectures didn't help me understand the difficult material. Kinda weird.
Very smart prof.  Interesting class... but very difficult concepts.
He is creator RSA and above average teacher, material extremely boring
278050	Jose	Macias	18
Assignments are either 100% success or 100% failure. Lectures are incomprehensible, and mostly tangents. Jose makes jest of grad students so much that it becomes insulting. He compensates bad teaching by grade inflation. Although I got a B+ I learned nothing, and would never consider putting this class on a resume or mention it in an interview.
Good Prof.
Jose is the worst teacher in the department. His lectures are incoherent, his notes are full of mistakes, he is disorganized, he forgets everything, the homeworks are a waste of time, and the exams are completely irrelevant. The projects are long and hard, but they teach you a great deal about compilers. The CS department needs to do something.
This guy was hella funny, just call me Jose.  He was pretty easy too!
I couldn't believe there was such an awful instructor in existence.  Considering the $$$ that we pay for courses at USC, you'd expect to get quality instruction.  Instead we got a guy who has minimal knowledge and disclaims any responsibility for projects
Jose is a nice guy and very accessible via email, phone for questions etc. Projects are very difficult though and yes, the TA's were not too helpful. Grades on a really nice curve though
If you re-watch the lectures over DEN, you'll notice that he mentioned his employment due to a favor give n by someone in the department. This man is not qualified to teach this course at all. A formal complaint should be lodged with the SOE.
Guys like this shouldn't be allowed to teach.  He's unintelligent and incoherent.  He can't teach the course material -- he just presents it and does a pretty bad job at that.
Nice prof to study under but does not know what is going on in the project and does not even bother to find out. Has the worst TA's that can never be found. should pay more attention to class assignments and projects.
I thought the instructor was not that bad as other comments, although it was because I am an EE student who took this CS course. Some typos do exist in his notes, but much better than you read that 2 thick books. but overall he is a nice person.
so bad......
good
Horrible Professor with an equally bad TA!! He does not know a thing and is so annoying that it kills your interent in the subject. Its a miracle he is still around!
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
Incompetence incarnate.  The worst professor I've ever encountered.  Has no expertise in compiler design, makes tons of mistakes in class and in his notes.  Wastes time on irrelevant anecdotes, and blames class when his own lack of clarity is the culprit
The most disorganized teacher I've ever had. He sends out notes in Word documents by email. The notes are full of typos and you never know what is correct or not. On top of that he spends most of the class time telling the students how stupid they are.
803573	David	Kempe	18
Really invested in his students. Starts the class off with 1-on-1 interviews, just to get to know your interests. When you listen to him lecturing, you can tell that he absolutely adores CS, which makes it all the more enjoyable to learn from him. Be alert, present, curious, and willing to work your butt off, and you should be fine. 
Very clear lectures.  PPT slides typically put me to sleep--David's class is more of a conversation + coding examples so it was perfect for my learning style. Assignments can be long but doable in a day or two if you know what you are doing.  Expects a lot of his students; but, adds huge curve at the end (75%  A).
David was one of the smartest professors I've ever had. He clearly is a computer science guru, but he expects a LOT out of you. 104 is one of the hardest cs classes at sc, but Kempe actually made it do-able (not easy, just do-able). Also, he's really flexible with deadlines and curves, and listens to the class's voice. I got a 50% which was a B-.
Kempe is a great professor. He has a sense of humour and is understanding. He is an empathetic and intelligent professor. His class is extremely challenging but he is one of the best professor's I've ever had. 
Class is hard and it is a lot of work, but Kempe is a great lecturer and he will go above and beyond to help you. Also the TAs and "Sherpas" are helpful.
Is able to clearly explain the material to students of all levels. Tells (funny) jokes during lectures to lighten the mood. Doesn't subject students to death by PowerPoint. Takes an interest in all of his students. Wish he taught more classes.
Going to lectures did not help understand concepts.  Assignments became so time consuming they destroyed my semester. Easily my most hated professor in USC so far.
David is a good lecturer, however his assignments are just super hard and time consuming that I don't think would help understanding the concepts. Also the exams are nightmares.
Amazing professor. He'll make you work hard on the course. But it'll be totally worth it.
Homework is exceptionally challenging. Fully expect to spend 12+ hours a week on the assignments. Furthermore, tests are quite difficult, with the average on first midterm being a 55% (which still curved to a B) Aside from that, he clearly and concisely explains material, and is very nice and helpful in person.
Outstanding professor, extremely helpful and available. Has high expectations of students, but expectations are fully attainable if students actually think – you cannot get by in this class by rote memorization.
Terrible professor. This is very important class for cs, but Kempe will destroy your interest
terrible professor, extremely stubborn. Always spend the whole lecture just trying to explain one thing but actually make things more confusing. Avoid him if you really want to learn.
he will make you suffer. TONS of homework and all of them are difficult. exam was horrible as well.
the most difficult professor i think i will ever have, but be glad future 102 students i'm sure he will give you the education you need and deserve for the real world.
Good
Really difficult class, and I don't feel he prepared us well for what he had us do. He is always nice and clear in lecture, but he does tend to get dry and too technical at times. He's always willing to help out and make things understandable, but when you ask, he's not as helpful as you'd hope.
Great great teacher.  Course work was hard,  but he spent a lot of time to make sure everyone understood.  The first teacher I have had at USC who I thought really cared about me and my education.
1921732	Sena	Durguner	18
Sena is a great teacher for ECON 351. The subject material was hard but she was very clear cut in what quizzes and exams would be like. She made the class much easier by offering help before and after class and office hours. Be sure to participate and get to know her, because she will take into account the amount of effort you put into the class.
Print out lecture slides ahead of time and take notes on those, and thats your best way to learn. Tests are tough, but she gives you a lot of helpful practice exams. Sena is super nice! Really cares for each student and knew us all on a first name basis. Her class was very demanding, but she taught the material well and its helping me a ton now. 
Sena is a great teacher and getting an A in her class is 100% completely manageable. They aren't easy A's but if you go to class it's no problem. She provides ample amounts of examples and study materials in class that directly mirror her tests. My favorite thing about Sena was that she truly cares about her students success. Take her class!!
Sena is one of the nicest professor I have ever seen. Her class is actually not that hard, my suggestion is to read through the lecture slides and then do the practice problems multiple times. If you know how to do every single one of them, you will be in very good shape. So in conclusion, this class is easy as long as you work for it.
She is very helpful and clear with her lectures. Her tests are extremely hard. If you don't go to all the lectures and do the practice problems, you're screwed. Tests are the only thing in the gradebook. Do not take this class. The average score on the first 2 midterms were 51 and 55. Save yourself. Do not take this class
Professor Durguner is extremely helpful and provides everything a student needs to do well in her course. I am thankful to have had her as a professor. The most important things to do to succeed in her course are to attend her class, practice the problems she gives after class and understand them. Work hard and you will do well.
I really liked having this class with her. The course is not easy at all, but she tries really hard to help you whenever you're having trouble understanding the material. She cares about her students and makes sure to learn everyone's names, which I honestly really like. Exams can be hard but if you solve a lot of practice problems you should be ok
Sena is definitely there for you, but this class is not easy whatsoever. Attendance is optional, but if you go to class consistently and show that you care you will get a higher grade. Do the practice questions after class and you'll do fine. This isn't a class you want to wait till the last minute to study. Work hard and you'll get a B minimum. 
Sena is BEST and NICEST professor ever! Two main things are needed to do well in this course: to attend lectures and to solve practice problems. If you concentrate on the things covered in the lecture, you will be fine. Try to solve practice problems several times. She always prepares really hard to deliver informative&helpful lectures. Take her!
Not hard to get an A, very good professor, but you must print out all the slides for the class, and make good notes. The quizs won't be hard if you did her practice questions, and the two midterms and final you should really work hard on it, not only understand all the concepts but do all the practice questions and you will get and A. 
It's incredible how much time&effort she devotes to making sure she is the best she can be. She always took time to set up appointments with me because my other classes conflicted with her office hours. Her tests are very fair. Just do the homework, review the lectures& go through all practice tests. If you have any questions, she'll always help. 
Sena is a great person. I would definitely recommend her. She engages with the class and create a friendly atmosphere between students. Just Show up to class, and do the homework yourself! and you should be ok for the other 3 tests.
Sena is the best teacher that befriends with her students. Love in class interaction and we all like her.  This class is really intimidating at first but really teach me how to study more than just econ. I am top three of the two classes before finals and aced the class.  My tips are to distinguish how hard this class is for you. Hard class: previe
Economics is not an easy topic, so it there will be hard work and commitment required of you in this class. Professor Durguner, however, is much different than other professors in that she is willing to help you whenever you need assistance and all she wants from you is to try your best. As long as you work hard, it will pay off, I guarantee it.
Attendance isn't mandatory, but you'll save yourself a lot of time by going & paying attention. The lectures can start to drag on near the end, but Sena is pretty clear, though she can rush through some examples. Her quizzes and tests are super straightforward. Make sure to keep up w the material & do all the practice Qs. I have a 96% right now.
Class is quite clear and easy to understand, but in two hour lectures attention is lost very quickly. She doesn't allow phones or electronic devices in class but attendance is not mandatory. It is more efficient to teach yourself, but her lectures are clear but slow-moving.
She gives you practice questions and uses those questions for quizes and tests but she changes the numbers in questions. Lectures are long and boring but useful. You can't use phones or laptops during lectures. If she sees you on your phone a lot, she takes your phone away. 
Highly recommend Professor Sena's class for ECON 351. She taught in a straightforward way and you are REALLY welcomed to ask questions as she'd be willing to answer. Also, Professor Sena has an amazing memory of most students' names. And go to her office hours, tho the practice tests & the mid-term r easy. Some background in AP ECO will help more.
571911	Heather	James	18
Loveliest teacher. Deeply insightful, good sense of humor, extraordinarily nice. Reading can be pretty heavy, but it's worth it in the end. 
A true teacher and an intellect. Take notes to prep for exams & papers, plus she's eloquent and insightful. Relatively high standards for grading, but I'd say she's a fair grader, because of what she offers to the class. Often extended her office hrs to help us (even gave free points on tests). Take her, and take her again before you graduate. 
Amazing professor! Extremely nice and caring. Quirky and funny- she really wants everyone to do well, and she makes an effort to make sure you exceed. Will give you extra points for showing you are trying, and always listens to you. Go to office hours! They are super helpful, and they show her you care- she loves it when students care. Take her!
Literature and the Passions. They say what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. FANTASTIC PROFESSOR but VERY difficult class. Lots of reading (double the normal), lots of writing for a tough grader (learned a lot from her comments). Office hours so helpful. Learned so much. It will be tough but you won't regret it!
Professor James is an amazing professor and an outstanding person. Her knowledge is invaluable. I highly recommend seeing her in office hours because she is friendly, encouraging, and helpful. If you put in the effort, read the material (trust me, it's worth it), and participate, you will do well. Not to be missed: dynamic & funny. My 2nd class.
While this was the hardest course I have taken at USC, Prof. James made the experience all worth while. She is one of the best profs this institution has to offer. She meets with you, evaluates work fairly, and looks for improvement. She ha made me a better writer. She has a way of making all subjects intellectually stimulating.
Professor James is an incredibly sweet woman. She's got a really interesting sense of humor that not everyone warms up to, but she honestly means only well. She is the professor who I felt most appreciated class participation also, so if that's where you shine, definitely take her! Her grading is a bit harder though.
My absolute favorite professor. She made me love literature and become really interested in what I thought was dry subject material. She expects a lot from you, but really makes you think. Also, she is extremely intelligent but not intimidating. Discussion is amazing in class and she gives very insightful lectures.You do have to work hard, though.
Best teacher I've had so far! Understanding, funny, clear-helped me really enjoy the material we read. All you have to do is show up to class(which may be a problem for some...if it is, don't take this class) and listen and make comments occasionally. Fair grader but still generous in the end
This extraordinarily anal retentive introvert has managed to rise above mere consensual reality.  Sometimes displays outbursts of baffling hostility.  Budding psychotherapists and gifted psychics only please.
She is hard and unfair, inaccessible and random. Likes/dislikes certain students. Apparently up until now only teacher's pets rated this woman. Ridiculously bad tests.
Professor James is great! I would definitely recommend taking her for the arts & letters requirement. She was always enthusiastic and is an extremely fair grader. She sincerely wants you to get the most out of the class and learn. One of the most influential professors I've had at USC so far
You make your schedule around her class. She is one of those rare professors that can change the entire direction of your studies. She grades pretty tough, but it is always fair and justified. A lot of teachers say that they care about what the student knows, rather than what they don't know, but Professor James really does teach by this standard.
Professor James is simply amazing. She is by far the most approachable professor I have had, and genuinely wants her students to succeed.Her class was always entertaining and she is extremely engaging. She knows her material better than anyone. I'd reccomend her class to anyone, it is not an easy A, but if you put in the effort, you'll be rewarded.
She truly cares about your progress. I had her my first semester, and she blew me away. She tries to help you, understand you beyond just the student-teacher relationship. Take good notes in lectures. Don't be afraid to ask for help in office hours. Prof James is one of the best professors: she imparts her knowledge thoughtfully and effectively.
No Comments
No Comments
She is good for any English class.  If you are interested in English literature, take Prof. James! She makes classes interesting--knows lots of info about the period, has interesting slide shows from theater, likes to work with her students.
702058	Matt	Manson	18
Matt is an amazing teacher! His course is challenging but super interesting. Never expected 340 would be my favorite class at USC :)
Overrated. Not only a hard grader, Manson was always just asking us to "be specific," without specifying what he wanted. He hardly responded to emails in time (or at all), and was apparently too busy to hold individual conferences or give back graded assignments on time. Take another instructor for sure. Not beneficial to your time or grades.
Best teacher I've had at USC so far. Incredibly smart. Hard grader. Totally worth it. I am good writer and I was certainly challenged to improve. He cares about his students and understands student life, which is refreshing. If you are looking for a worthwhile challenge, take his class.
He's an AWESOME guy! I loved having him as my teacher. Although I did not get an A, he really taught me how to explore my writing abilities and really improved my skills overall and i think it will really help me in the future. If you're looking for a really cool teacher with some great things to offer you, take his class.
Great teacher. Grades hard but you will learn a lot.
Manso is a great teacher! His class is hard but rewarding and he keeps the subject interesting. Prepare to have your writing skills improved greatly!
A really hard grader but a great professor. Very helpful and is clear about how you can improve but nevertheless an extremely hard grader. I would recommend taking his class but be prepared to be challenged!
challenges you to become a better writer. great class discussions, he really cares about his students and making the class interesting. possibly best prof. at USC so far
Interesting guy. But it is IMPOSSIBLE to get an A in this class. If you get B's on any of the papers you will NOT get an A. My major depends on being able to write well which I have gotten straight A's in and in his class he gave me a B+. His grades are not an accurate reflection of your performance at all. take a different writ 340 class for sure.
HE'S SO HOTTTTTT!
great guy. loves writing and it shows. easy to be engaged, and material was always interesting. really helps you  pull a better writer out of you. plenty of writing. will prob cancel at least one class.
He was amazing, went out of his way in order to help students and made it an entertaining class to look forward to. Definitely try to get in his class... best prof ever!
ridiculously helpful, smart and funny. i think best writ140 professor
He is very nice and makes what is otherwise a broing class much more interesting
Young, relatable, fun guy. The class is hard like most other 340 classes but at least you don't dread going to it.
great teacher best teacher i've had so far at usc
No Comments
This guy is freaking awesome. I haven't had any other professor as interested in helping me learn as him. Plus, he's funny, especially when he talks about President Bush.
1766530	David	Crombecque	17
HES AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE textbook: need for homework. just get the pdf. quiz every week. 
His HW assignments are really WAY too long. I'm talking 4 hours + sometimes every week. This really screws with your other classes and time management. He just asssigns as many problems as he can every damn week. Really frustrating. He's a good teacher with fair tests though and prepares you well.
Best Math Professor I've had thus far at USC. Take him, please, if you truly care about learning the proper way and if you also want a teacher who shows his appreciation for math every single lecture.
Great professor. He explains concepts very well and also holds office hours most days of the week. The exams are similar to the homework that is assigned. I felt he prepared us well for the final exam and even held a study session for us to review concepts we found difficult. My favorite professor at USC.
Best math teacher I have had at USC. His lectures are funny and informative. He cares about his students. Is SUPER helpful at office hours. Has a lot of office hours. Tests can be challenging but are definitely fair. Overall he is a great teacher.
Prof Crombecque is one of the best professors I've had - his explanations of concepts are excellent, and while he gives a lot of homework, they really prepare you for midterms/final. His classes are actually a lot of fun, he's a really chill guy, and he's an extremely attractive young French guy, but his accent is pretty easy to understand.
Like him! He is the best prof in math department and at USC I've ever had. He cares a lot about students and math. I would take him for all my math classes. He has a lot of homework, but they are very helpful for the midterms. He is very nice person. Take him if you really want to understand the class and also to get a good grade!
He's the best math professor in usc. Take him.
Professor Crombecque is a very nice man and a decent professor, but there are a few fatal flaws with this math course. He assigns around 25-30 problems of homework a week that are graded very harshly and therefore he loses the fun side math of. I do understand the material well and like the course, but would use a different teacher if done again.
Awesome Professor. He is the best teacher for calculus. Attendance to the lectures are optional if you have already taken calculus before. He often has quizzes in discussion though. His tests are very similar to the problems for homework. Be ready for the mid-drift (you'll understand when you take the class).
LOVE HIM! so helpful
Best math teacher ever! Concise and clear lectures. Fair tests. Tons of office hours.
Even though attendance is not mandatory, he's a super hot french professor so I mean why not go to class. He's very easy to understand, presents the material well, and answers questions nicely. He has an insane amount of office hours each week that are usually pretty helpful.
he's awesome. Makes ard concepts easy. teaches well. recomended.
He's hands down the best math professor I've had at 'SC so far. He makes sure he can help whenever there are questions and makes difficult concepts seem easy. Take his class!
Easy A. Never went to class.  Cool guy though, not your typical nerdy math guy.  Would highly recommend him.
Prof Crombecque is extremely helpful. His lectures are clear and straightforward. If you work in hard you will surly see results. He holds plenty of office hours so there's no excuse for not getting help. The material gets complicated but he makes is understandable for those who are not math happy. I recommend this professor to anyone.
101760	Sarah	Bonner	17
By and far one of the most likable and capable teachers at USC. I had no interest in accounting, but she was such a fantastic teacher I considered minoring in it after this class. Organized, beyond helpful, fair, and friendly.
She's great. Well-organized notes and she's fun. Didn't ever once open my text book or read any of the articles
Hands down the best professor I have ever had. She explains everything extremely clearly and cares so much.
The best professor I've had at USC. She's truly invested in the success of her students and wants to get to know them.  You actually feel like she cares about you as a person, she's extremely fair and will help you with anything. Accounting isn't the most fun subject yet she manages to make it fun whenever possible. Go to class and you'll do great!
I love Prof. Bonner!! You can tell she really holds herself to a high standard when it comes to teaching and it shows- she's fantastic and so sweet. The quizzes can really save you- her tests can be tough, but she posts last year's on Blackboard for practice and the class PTTs too.
One of the best teachers I have had at SC. She prints out PPT notes for you and goes over all the material very clearly. Tests are pretty difficult but if you go to class it should not be a problem at all.
Very good professor. Tries to make class as comfortable as possible and creates a warm learning environment. You can tell she actually cares about her students. Slides are very helpful and she goes over them in enough detail to remove any confusion. Study enough and it won't be too hard to get an A.
Very knowledgeable on the subject, tries to make difficult concepts clear and easy for students.  Always available during office hours if you need them.  The book helps, but she explains so well it's not necessary.  Willing to help with professional things outside the classroom.  Grades very fairly, drops 2/5 quizzes!
Professor Bonner is a really nice teacher. She tries to crack jokes and make you feel comfortable in the class. I found the class hard, but that was because I didn't take time to really learn the material. She is always at office hours and is really helpful. She is sweet but rushes through material. A lot of teaching yourself will happen.
Really good professor. She's fun, approachable, and always available to students. Very organized and gives students the tools and information they need to do well in the class. It's a pretty boring subject and a tough class, but Prof. Bonner is a great person to take it with.
BEST professor ive had at USC. i didnt want to take Accounting but had to and she made it great. class material is still challenging but she helps out alot! no group project like other classes. no homework, notes are provided in class, no cumulative final.shes funny, down to earth, chill, and great for college aged students.only teaches during fall
BEST PROFESSOR in Marshall. She is tough but FAIR. 2 midterms, 5 quizzes (lowest 2 dropped), 1 non-cumulative final. Very organized, helpful, and friendly, she genuinely cares for her students who care about their performance. STUDY all her previous exams/quizzes, go to class and you will do fine. Get help early if u need it. It piles up quick.
BEST PROFESSOR in Marshall. She is tough but FAIR. 2 midterms, 5 quizzes (lowest 2 dropped), 1 non-cumulative final. Very organized, helpful, and friendly, she genuinely cares for her students who care about their performance. STUDY all her previous exams/quizzes, go to class and you will do fine. Get help early if u need it. It piles up quick.
I have all straight A's and A-'s at USC, this was my first B+.  She speaks extremely fast during lecture to just get through the class time, instead of teaching in a manner that helps students understand what she's talking about.  There are very costly test questions that were never covered in class (mind boggling indeed). laughs at her own jokes.
awesome!! she actually does care that everybody understands the course material and is amongst the top professors by far.
I thought I would hate accounting as a music major but she was so nice and straight forward about everything, I actually enjoyed the class.  She was also very fair.
Professor Bonner does a great job of helping students taking accounting.
659979	Robert	Kiddoo	17
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS, FRESHMEN. He is very unclear about what he expects. The class is entirely based on group projects, which he does not explain well. The midterm & final are worth most of your grade; this is not an easy A class. 
This class is not what you are going to expect at all. Rather than an overview of business as a subject, you are thrown into group projects without much knowledge of what you are supposed to do. All you basically do all year is spread sheets, and he doesn't give good feed back at all. He is a nice guy but his class structure is confusing. DONT TAKE
Bob is one of the most approachable and caring professors I've ever had at USC.  Really makes an effort to get to know his students and make classes interesting and applicable.  Provides excellent feedback regarding assignments and is readily available during office hours. 
He is a really good professor. He has a lot of real world experience and likes to challenge his students. This is a tough class, but it is on the Marshall curve.
Prof. Kiddoo is a great teacher. He has real world experience in accounting and really wants his students to understand how business actually works. He is very willing to take extra time to help students.
Professor Kiddoo is a very sociable guy. I love going to his class cuz he's always energized to teach. However, he does have some bad points. He doesn't give detail examples for students to practice b4 the exams. The small group assignments were confusing cuz the instructions are very vague. My partner and I had to guess a lot on the assignments.
Awesome professor. Comes off at arrogant at times, but he pushes students to understand the material inside and out. Take his class if you really want to understand accounting!
Very liberal, nice, helpful. Not very clear in telling you how to complete the work; he expects you to act like a professional would in the real world. Nicest teacher I've had in my 2 years at SC. Quiz business cases are nearly a page write-up and they are hard.
Lively and charismatic, was a great guide for accounting. Sometimes tests are tricky but all in all best class at USC thus far.
AMAZING.  By far the best Accounting teacher at USC!
He is awesome! Great introduction to accounting. Very clear and can be funny at times
HE IS LITERALLY THE MAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! TAKE THIS CLASS.
great class. he cares a lot about teaching. i had am 8am class and he always tried to make it engaging. He tests were pretty easy as long as you either paid attention in class or read the textbook, very straight forward. not as much work as other sections
Bob Rocks
No Comments
No Comments
Excellent Professor
739332	Gary	Seaman	17
This professor and class are awful.  The "culture" you learn about" isn't interesting at all, it's all about pre-industrial society and cavemen.  Films are painful to watch, especially because the professor insists on cranking up full volume.  They are also just naked tribal people coughing and being gross. He is also hard to follow/ disorganized.
Prof Seaman's incredibly nice, but your grade definitely depends on your TA, as he grades your film analysis. However, all tests are objective, but you really have to read the textbook and be in class for the stuff he says in class because they're all going to be on the exam. The actual content's pretty interesting if you go over it.
He is very kind and understanding. I missed a midterm and he allowed me to take in during his office hour. However, his lectures are dry and he speaks monotonously. Take good notes and you'll be fine for the midterms.
Class is extremely easy due to unfortunately low expectation of students. Tests are heavily handout, book, and lecture based and very easy. Dr. Seaman is easy to talk to, and be sure to write down everything on the board. Writing assignments are graded by TAs so expect the usual troubles. Discussion attendance is mandatory. Movies are interesting!
I love this professor! I recommend taking it over the summer, you get fewer tests and papers. Although everything is condensed, he ended up cutting out a lot of materials. Everything is totally negotiable as long as you voice your opinion. His lecture could get boring, but as long as you have snacks and coffee, it's not that bad.
He is unbearably boring. The tests are very easy to pass, but require a good amount of studying to ace. Exams combine material from the textbook and the lectures. Attendance is not required, but be sure to get the notes before the tests.
Omg it's so boring.  The teacher just babbles in the beginning of the hour about god knows what, then he plays a video and you watch a bunch of naked tribes run around in the forest over and over again its sooo boring!! it sounds fun but its not.  and the tests you will probably get like a B+.  if you take it pass fail it would be easy i guess
tests straight from study guides so watching films isnt extremely essential, films are good though, bring snacks for them, and he looks like the owner of jurassic park which is always fun
This class is definitely not bad or hard. The teacher is stale but not awful. I found the subject matter and videos to be very interesting, if overly long. If you fall asleep easily DO NOT take this course. But if you are a good student this class is easy if you skim readings and take notes. The teacher is very nice if you talk to him.
Do NOT take this class. Although the title may make it somewhat appealing, the course itself is particularly boring and monotonous.
easy class. it is very boring though. write a few joke papers and take midterms you get a study guide given to  you by him
Horrible class. Do not take this class! You will fall asleep watching the videos he plays during lectures.
This class is truly awful. If you're given the choice between having Seanor or Dropping out of College, choose the latter.
I'm literally in this class right now. It's so worthless. He's incredibly monotonous and boring. I have to surf the web just to keep from falling asleep. This class deceived people with the title &quot;Exploring Culture Through Film.&quot; Not film. Crappy National Geographic videos. What does this junk have to do with my major&#63; Absolutely nothing at all.
He is the most boring teacher you will ever have the displeasure of dealing with. He wears a very distracting fanny pack and sometimes nicks himself shaving. He is repetitive, redundant, and awkward. Please, for the love of God, do not take this class.
Not that bad of a professor. Lectures tend to be very boring but the videos are a good break.  You must take notes on the film because he likes to ask random exam questions. Lots of extra credit at the end of the semester. 3 Film Journals are also due that are very simple - Just make sure your TA likes it. Otherwise, fairly easy class.
Worst professor ever. The class was easy enough, the tests are multiple choice, but somehow i alwasy managed to badly on them, as did the rest of the class and luckily it was on a curve. The biggest part of the grade is the film journals and if you figure out exactly what your TA wants, than you can pretty easily do well on those and in the class.
1287778	Dale	Kiefer	17
He is super nice, although he is so boring. His test is the exact same as his power point slides, so if you go to lecture you will be fine, but lectures are long. 
one of the easiest classes that you can take as GE.  you don't even have to go the class, since you get all the presentations. lab doesn't require that much effort. only three popquizes which you will be fine with. he is not the best teacher but he is really nice which makes the class easier. take this class and you'll be fine for sure!!!!
WORST CLASS EVER - AVOID TAKING AT ALL COSTS. everyone i know got 50s on the tests -- and they were happy about it!! the most boring lectures i've ever had to sit through, and NONE OF the 3 professors can manage to keep the class to pay attention - biggest waste of time -- can't believe this class is still being offered at USC.
All these people who are complaining about not being able to get an A are gonna have a rude awakening at this university. I took the class and simply made sure to do outlines for each midterm in detail and went to each lab and did my best for those two hours. I never went to the actual class and i still killed it. Don't trip, its pretty transparent
No class structure. Do not take this class for a grade. The material is boring, repetitive and the three teachers are all terrible. Find another GE. Lab is boring and useless. It may seem easy at first but its basically impossible to get a good grade.
A Spanish saying goes:"if the rivers sounds,it has water."Listen to what I am saying.This class is not structured for students to be successful in. Be wise,take this class Pass/No Pass. I was a Honors Student b4 I transferred.I love working for my grade but you will not get an A in this class.Please,I have no incentive to lie to you.Lord have mercy
There's 2 profs for this class, Moffet is a lot better, he provides better study guides and his slides are a lot more helpful than Kiefer's. I feel like Kiefer has no idea what he's doing, his study guides are useless too. Easy material though, basically learned all of this in AP ES.
Not the best professor ever, but the class is SO EASY. Kiefer gives you a study guide for each exam with exactly what is gonna be on the test, it's pure memorization. Only attendance check is 3 random pop quizzes worth NOTHING. Literally never went to class and got an A. He tells you not to buy the textbook so there's no reading. easy GE 4!
Worst teacher I've ever had. He usually teaches it with one other person. Labs are easy but the tests are not. Random pop quizzes and expects you to teach yourself outside of class. He is unhelpful and just doesn't teach. Avoid this class at all costs.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! Probably the worst class I have ever taken. Very difficult to understand, impossible to pay attention in class. I have never rated a professor and all i can say is AVOID THIS CLASS. YOU WILL REGRET ADDING THIS CLASS TO YOUR SCHEDULE!!!!!
BORING!!!! Dale and Moffett are the most boring teachers you will ever have.  I sat in the back of the class and literally the whole class was on their laptops on Facebook .  The study guides are worthless because they try to trick you by putting stuff on the test that is not on the study guide. Great curve. 3 midterms=60% class average on each one
Ridiculous professor. Taught with Moffett and they never spoke to each other about topics. Placed disclaimers on reviews saying there can be other stuff on exams and there was. Going to lectures is crucial because the book only helps with definitions. Ridiculous midterms. Labs are easy. TAs can affect grade. Go to class, take good notes.
Very boring class, incredibly hard to determine the relevence of content based on both the readings, lectures and assignments. Both professors who teach this class (Moffett and Kiefer) are bland, although they are engagd in their subject matter, have difficulty engaging their students. Test averages are always incredibly low; study guides notof use
If your taking this glass as a GE, DO NOT take this class. This class is extremely boring and exams are extremely hard. lectures are useless! If it wasn't for the curves on exams, this class would be impossible to pass. Labs are not that difficult but they take some time. AVOID this class at all cost!
No motivation to go to class because lectures are so long and dry. Reads off powerpoints. Never replied to my emails. Easy. . . go to class if you can handle it
Kiefer was pretty boring and unhelpful and is lazy about his study guides. He also talks about reproductive cycles, and population which may seem irrelevant.  Moffett was the other teacher who was pretty good, if you are interesting in the environment/environmental policy you will like this class and do well in it
Not really useful professor, he just reads off of slides, him and the other teacher for this class talked in a monotone voice and the avg on the tests were terrible, and the ta's barely spoke english... wouldnt recommend this class
215305	Clifford Kerry	Fields	17
Loved him.  Loved his stories but bow tie is getting old
Tests are relatively straightforward as long as you read the book. Grading is very structured and literally everything is MCs (even participation) so you don't have to talk at all if you don't feel like it. Just go to class and you'll do well. He shares many stories and he genuinely cares about his students.
great guy, great sense of humor. adds in lots of anecdotes. this class is pretty dry/boring if you're not into the material, which i wasn't. he tends to ramble and can be confusing at times, tests are relatively tricky/difficult- you def need to study hard. had him for employment law and liked him in that class better. overall, worth taking him
This is a good class to take.  It's not easy, but it isn't difficult either. Fields is very funny, very sarcastic and has some hilarious stories.
One of the hardest classes I've taken.  The text was horrible, the exams were brutal, but luckily he curved them.  This class is a very good lesson not just in real estate law, but in life. I actually learned more from his stories than I did from the textbook material.  However, his business law class is much easier.
Best teacher I've had at USC so far.  Super interesting course content, relatable/funny professor, and manageable coursework load.  If you put the effort in, you'll get an A easily.  Kerry Fields makes this class relevant for everyone too - definitely a good &quot;life course&quot; to take before graduating
Best teacher in the university
Mumbles sometimes and works exclusively off powerpoints. If you go to class and memorize ur stuff, ur fine. but he can be confusing sometimes.
Fields is one of the best teachers at SC!
Best class I have taken at USC. The information is useful and practical, and he is direct and to the point. Uses great real life examples to explain topics. He's a pretty funny guy, too. Great class, great teacher.
The worst thing about him is the way he treats his students. Most of the time he is very clear and concise about what he is trying to convey, but if you don't get it, don't bother raising your hand because he will look at you and keep on going. You have to yell &quot;Hey Fields&quot; and then just ask b/c he will not give you the time of day otherwise.
If you're thinking of going to Law school after getting your Business Degree, don't avoid his class. He is a great professor.
This was the best class I took while at USC.  I learned a ton, it was fairly straight forward, and I totally think Fields is hot.  lol
I took 403 and real estate law and finance law- he is an awesome teacher. If your going to law school definitely take these classes they will help!!
One of the best professors I have ever had.  Cuts the BS and applies business law to real life situations.  Very practical!!  You must come prepared for class (shoudn't you always though).  Pay attention during class, he gives plenty of hints what will be tested and what is important.
No Comments
He is a very picky person. Sometimes when he's in a rush, he tends to walk away from students when they have questions. Let me tell you, that's not the right way to treat students. Plus his exams are tricky and scares the bejeezus out of students.
293201	Donna	Miles	17
Great professor who genuinely cares about you. Be warned that she is extremely tough and grades hard, but it teaches you discipline. Grade is completely based on presentations and smaller writing assignments. Lots of groupwork!
Incredible Professor. I wish more professor at USC would be this good. I am an international student so public speaking is not my greatest strength but I got so much better after this class. Hard work definitely pays off. I recommend Prof Miles! Don't be threatened! she's actually a very caring person.
Miles is incredible. She is hard, but after taking her class I only wish all my other professors were this hard. This is what I consider REAL business education. She teaches so your successful in the business world, not so you can get an A. If you want to be challenged but actually learn- take Miles.+ Make an effort to get to know her in class.
The best professor I've had at USC.  Attendance is mandatory but it makes you class into a small community and everyone gets to now each other. She gives the BEST advice on resumes, cover letters, interviews, and presentations.
Great professor, really tough and you'll have to be in class every time...or at least almost every time, but you will learn so much.  If you are really interested in developing your business skills Prof Miles is a must take.  I've hated every communication/speech course I've taken and I found this course to be so fulfilling.
&quot;Tough Love.&quot; Professor miles cares more about her students than any other teacher I've had. She is very tough on her students because she wants them to succeed in the real world. Take her if you want to get the most out of your tuition, just don't expect an easy class
Professor miles was one of the most worst professors I have ever had. Her grading standards are unreasonable and she regularly humiliates students. Although you will learn a lot, think twice before taking this professor
I disagree with the earlier post. Miles is honest in critiques and really pushes you, but how else are you going to improve&#63; It's the most valuable class I've taken in Marshall- she really improved my resume, my interview skills and my presentation skills. It's a challenging class, but take Miles so you'll get something out of it! It's real life
I disagree with the earlier post. Miles is honest in critiques and really pushes you, but how else are you going to improve&#63; It's the most valuable class I've taken in Marshall- she really improved my resume, my interview skills and my presentation skills. It's a challenging class, but take Miles so you'll get something out of it! It's real life
Miles has a lot of valuable life experience to share and you WILL learn how to negotiate in this class. However, memos and negotiations alike can recieve criticism along the lines of, “This stinks!” with no actual suggestions on ways to improve. Her mean comments are often unprofessional, unwarrented, and unhelpful. Develop a thick skin.
She's a lot more laid back for this class than 497.  It's a fun easy going class... We've been taught a lot of helpful things.  She's grades kind of tuff, but it's for your own good.
Very hard, but very helpful.  Stay on her good side!!!
Easy, but very unorganized. She wastes ALOT of time on very obvious material. She's a nice person, but don't take her class unless you are tolerant of scatter-brain types.
The worst professor I've ever experienced.  I wasted $3K on this class. Undergrads like her because she's an easy grader.  Her class had no structure at all.  She used it as her personal classified ad forum for renting out her apartment.  And please, Donna - don't wear transparent shorts ever again.
donna dishes out a lot of reading. She's also strict but can be nice. I think she wastes too much time while the &quot;class&quot; corrects the quizes.
Donna is really sassy and fun, but stay on her good side!!
At first, I thought Miles was going to be a mean instructor. But it turns out that she is a very helpful person...especially if you want a her to look over your resumes. She can get mad occasionally...but comical on other days.
1210125	Anthony	Boyle	17
avoid this class at all cause.  This would be a class that can be better online. i have fallen sleep couple of time in class.  accent is very blurry, i cant make out the words most of the time and when he writes it on the board its very sloppy.  im in here now, 7 more weeks to go.  damn GE's.  
He lectures for an hour and a half with no power points and is extremely unorganized, though he is knowledgable. No textbook but you do need to read some plays which you will be tested on. He is very unaccessible for help as well.
Wouldn't recommend this class unless you're actually interested and have some knowledge of the subject. Professor is hard to understand/no clarity. TA's aren't that helpful either and grade subjectively. Best advice take pass/fail
Although attendance isn't mandatory, if you want to do well you pretty much need to go to every lecture. Good notes are the key to this class. He goes really fast and tests on small details. Papers are very straightforward. GET TOM AS A TA IF POSSIBLE. Interesting class and would definitely recommend. Just a warning, he is hard to understand.
He's a very nice guy and really intelligent, but the class is so boring. He is hard to hear and only writes certain words on the chalkboard. It is very hard to follow. Unless you love roman history I would not recommend it. The TAs are hard graders and there is a lot of reading.
Best GE I've taken. Attendance and good note taking are a must (he lectures the whole time, only writes names and places on the board). Still, he is a brilliant man when it comes to Roman history. I really enjoyed his lectures. I had Christian as a TA. Probably harder than the other two, but still a fair grader. Very quirky but best TA I've had.
Very interesting class that was never boring. Didn't do much of the readings because the TAs were awesome and helpful. Nice class to take. I recommend.
I really loved this class. There was quite a bit of reading, but as they are mostly novel/story format, it's better than dull textbooks. I would recommend watching "I, Claudius" (the BBC show). It covers the people & events for the second half of the course. Keep up with reading/lectures, and you'll be fine! Elke is a great TA, too.
He is hard to understand but it's actually kind of interesting. He tells lectures like a story so it's better to listen to. Get a good TA. I got Russell Pascatore and he's the best. Literally gave me A+ on my papers. All you do is go in for help and he really appreciates it and it'll really help you with your essays. Don't stress the quizes.
I took this class as a GE but by the end I truly learned a lot about Rome and I really enjoyed the class. Boyle is hard to understand so sit up front! I failed like every quiz but it doesn't matter. You had to read some books but sparknotes is fine. TA's were awesome. Exams are not bad at all. I recommend this class!
Boyle's class is fantastic. His lectures are always enjoyable and entertaining (not just because of his British accent), and the depth and analysis of the works discussed in class really makes one think in a profound way. Rome has never been more alive than when he's describing it.
Can never understand his mumbly british accent. Only stuck with the class because the TAs were awesome and really helpful. Quizzes, midterm, and first 2 of 3 papers are pretty easy. 2nd part of semester is all about literature so if you want to do well, be prepared to read. Heard the class is curved at the end.
I don't understand the other ratings on this professor but this Professor just doesn't know how to clearly teach. He has a british accent and literally talks the whole class period without providing any type of powerpoint, notes etc. If your into classics, you'll enjoy, otherwise it'll be a bore and the midterms will be killer
Yes he has a drawl British accent, but he has a funny sense of humor. He's a brilliant man, and even though this class was only taken to satisfy a GE requirement, I really enjoyed it. If you want to do well, just keep taking notes. Don't stop writing!! He doesn't stop talking, but he will repeat important ideas.
Very boring lecture, does not post notes to blackboard so you are left scrambling when midterms come up.  There is always a reading assignment yet he doesnt tell you what is assigned.  Talks in a drawly british accent.  Good place to take a nap.
WOW! such an amazing prof. The class was a lecture with a seperate discussion period. TA's did the grading and such, but prof was willingly to stay after class to talk about material. Brilliant mind, take him if you can.
He grades papers fairly, but he's extremely nit-picky on tests which makes them almost impossible.
808469	S. Michael	Genzuk	17
I TOOK DR. GENZUK FOR EDUC 501, AND HE IS AN INDUSTRY EXPERT IN THE MATTER OF LINGUISTICS AND ENGLISH LANGUAGE LEARNERS. YOU WON'T FIND A MORE THOROUGH OR BETTER PROFESSOR AT USC, BUT BE READY, YOU'RE GOING TO WORK EXTREMELY HARD. THIS CLASS IS RIGOROUS AND CHALLENGING, BUT HE'S GOING TO HELP YOU TO BECOME A GREAT TEACHER.
Great class, great prof
This has been the best class I have had so far in the MAT@USC graduate program. Professor Genzuk was extremely helpful and understanding. He is very passionate about the topic and instills that passion into the students taking the course. This is by far the most challenging course in the program, but probably the most important. I really benefited.
Just finish the course and what an experience.  Never had a professor that was so hands on.  Most demanding class I have taken, yet best class I have taken.  The fieldwork in this class distinguish it as a truly experiential learning experience. Take this class if you're really interested in learning.  Not for the lazy however
Passionate Prof who went above and beyond to meet the needs of his students. Controversial curriculum covered fairly to expose new teachers to the realities they will face in the real world of public ed. The students who complained were the lazy ones looking for an easy experience. This is not an easy class, but the best one I have had so far.
Talked far to much during class time and always ran over the class time. Bilingual material was repeated several times and did not spend enough time of SDAIE strategies.
I learned a lot in this class the first two weeks, after that it is the same information rehashed over and over again. He spends the first hour and a half of class just trying to explain the assignments and expects us to be ready to &quot;participate&quot; during his lecture when he barely comes up for air. The workload is manageable and fair, as is grading.
One of the most challenging, yet important classes I have taken. This is a real Grad Course. A must for those who truly care about teaching all students.
One of the worst academic experiences ever. He spent more than half of his time talking about future assignments, he goes off on tangents and has very poor time management skills! I had to buy five books for this class and some I only used for one week. The workload in this master's program was more than my other classes combined.
This is an online course for the MAT. Very disappointed by this class and professor. Every class time we spent 1.5 hr just talking about upcoming assignments. I whole-heartedly agree with the ratign below! There is just too much talking and the workload is out of control! Dr.G is a nice man, cares about his subject, but he needs to reformat it!
If you want to listen to a professor talk for three hours on lecture days and in hour long videos when you're not in lecture, this one's for you. Also, this is a Masters class that seems more like a freshman year BA class. He actually asks things like &quot;Do you know what 'concise' means&#63;&quot; Ugh. It feels remedial, even though the texts are good.
Great professor, he is one of the icons in the filed of language ed. yet personalized the class to make sure you were successful. He really cares about his students and their success as teachers. He is my idol now, I want to be the kind of teacher he is.
Great professor with a extreme passion for the subject.  He was very knowledgeable and understanding.  He does kinda talk a lot but all of his knowledge was useful and appreciated.
Great professor! Very student oriented, but knows his field. Is one of the pioneers in language education. Kept the class interesting and playful, but kept focused on class material. One of those professors you find yourself working hard for because you want to make them proud of you. Stongly recommend.
Extremely passionate about his profession. Great man! and yes, very knowledgeable. Loved his dedication.
The greatest professor I've taken at USC. He's very knowledgeable, caring, and supportive. He deeply cares about educating students and bettering the community.
Great professor, very supportive and knowledgable
131370	Kian	Kaviani	17
If you get the scores below average, he may have an attitude on you. If you get low scores, he will be your nightmare. Sometimes he can be very rude... He ignores most of the Emails, especially before the exams. Also sometimes he doesn't show up during his office hour.
Initially, he seemed like a kind person and was generally friendly. However, he seems to have an attitude problem and can act unprofessional at times. He reads off straight off the powerpoint slides he uses in the lectures and gives rather difficult exams. If it wasn't required for me to take this class I would have switched for sure.
One of the best professors USC can have...If you are ready to work hard...he is ready to work hard with you.
nice prof..keep the attendance high coz he aint like ppl who are low on attendance or not serious about their work
Professor Kaviani is wonderful. If you miss something in lecture, go to his office hours; he's personable and works hard to make sure you understand the material.  If you put in some dedication and show an interest in his class, he will go above and beyond to help you even after the grades are in.  He helped me land my first job out of USC!
Best professor ever! But if you are a slacker he'll be after you!
He's inconsiderate and rude. And he couldn't teach, either.  I'm so disgusted with him.  He's inflexible, and his lectures are incomprehensible.  He should be fired. Period!
He's the worst professor I have ever had in my whole life!  His lectures are incomprehensible. He's a disgrace to USC.
I can't believe this guy is a professor.  He can't get through a lecture without making 20 mistakes.  His writing is horrible.  His font goes from 10 to 20 by end of the lecture.  I just can't believe how rude and evil spirited this guy is.  He is so proud he is a professor and wants respect from you but he will not respect you even though you are
Very excellent Professor!
Excellent teacher. As long as you're willing to work hard, you will learn more than you will in most other classes at USC.
Best professor I have had at USC. He describes very difficult topics in a very clear fashion. He was very helpful and his office was always open to students. He is very knowledgable in his subject and combines practical aspects of his field in his lectures. I wish I had more professors like him.
Stay away from this professor!  He can't teach. Period! Plus, he is really mean and will give you a hard time...so impossible to talk to...I wish I had not taken his class.  That was a waste of my time and money...I totaly regret taking his class.
No Comments
professor kaviani is an egotistical teacher who takes pride in his style of teaching. all he cares about is himself. he doesnt help and gives you very hard exams. i really regret taking his class.
No Comments
No Comments
1209447	Bill	Handley	17
Professor Handley is an incredible teacher with very interesting, unique ideas about the works he covers. His lectures are very abstract and make many connections between assigned works. Definitely my favorite class this semester. He is a fair grader and gives out extensions pretty easily. He's also incredibly attractive, so that's nice.
Love handley 3
Handley's very intelligent but extremely uninspiring in class. When I look over my notes I say "this is really interesting stuff" but I don't remember thinking that as we learned it. When he asks questions it's obvious he's looking for a specific answer which dissuades people from contributing, so there are lots of awkward silences.
Great professor. Loved him.
Very intelligent and is very passionate about the material, but like the other review said, he's not the best at stimulating class discussion, so sometimes we'd have really awkward silences. Otherwise it was a fun class. Put effort into your work, do research, etc. and you'll be fine. I recommend the class!
Handley was extremely aloof and not on top of his stuff the entire semester. He had interesting things to say but they were usually cut short by awkward silences and his insistence on ending class early. Also, some of the reading (esp. autobiographies) felt more like history than lit. He was also not very friendly or even helpful in office hours.
Handley is one of the most overrated professors I've had in the English Department. He brings up interesting ideas during class. However, his grading is very subjective. He always leaves early for class (before everyone else) and is incredibly flaky. My friends didn't like him either. This guy relies on his "Rhodes" distinction too much.
Handley is a brilliant man, but his class is a teensie bit aimless and he doesn't have the best talent for fostering class discussion.
Brilliant professor. I took Authority, Love and Rebellion from him and really enjoyed the class. He is helpful and approachable and really knows his stuff.
TAKE HIS CLASS. Any class he teaches will surely change your life for the better. Extremely intelligent, passionate, and humorous. A little spacey and aloof occasionally but what good professor isn't&#63;
A really good and helpful professor! Has very abstract and unique ideas but is willing to explain them in detail if you go see him. Would definitely recommend him to anyone looking for a good TO or English professor.
Very smart and interesting to listen to. I learned so much when he would take apart books we read and point out things I never thought about. he really makes you think and wants you to understand the material. Class was also easy- 3 1-2 page papers, no midterm or final just a final paper. Essays are on anything you want. Loved this class!
Smart guy but very pretentious about it. Very vague classes, fell asleep 99% of the time. Thing about CORE 102 111 & 112 is that you don't have to pay attention in class to write the papers and get a good grade on them. If you want to be interested in the subject dont take this class, but if you want an easy B+ go for it
Prof Handley is very smart. However, I think he flaunts this quality in a way that makes him seem pretentious. Overall, the class put me to sleep. In my opinion, CORE 102 and the writing classes are pointless as you don't have to pay attention in class to do well on the papers, and the grading is super lenient.
Opinionated, idealistic, abstract... Handley is intelligent and wants to make sure you know it. His grading process/requirements are fuzzy at best and pretty heavily swayed by whether or not he likes you. I know other people who have enjoyed him, as well as many who didn't, though. So at best, he's hit or miss.
Handley is a really smart guy, but seeing as 102 is taken fall semester freshman year it's slightly overwhelming, between the massive reading load and the abstractness of his ideas, but definitely a worthwhile challenge if you're up for it.
Handley is a really intelligent guy and is really passionate about teaching.  He can get a little abstract at times, but he is always really helpful if you come talk to him.  Would recommend him to anyone interested in an english class
1526524	Richard	Berg	17
Berg is extremely sarcastic and opinionated in his lectures, and typically lectures beyond the time limit for class...I wouldn't recommend him unless you share his fervent passion for English lit. Participation really matters for this course, so don't expect to get an A if you never speak up. Also, he is TOUGH grader on essays. Go to office hours.
I've had Berg twice now. He's big on lectures (and swearing). He's got opinions, for sure, but if you aren't easily offended, you can catch onto what perspective he wants you to approach the texts from. And occasionally he'll make a good joke. Word of advice: go into his office hours. He'll really help steer you with your essays.
Yesterday's Tomorrows could be the most interesting GE5 you can take. This guy is the biggest character ever, so awesome. His unique, cynical, realistic view of life is worth the whole class but when he uses literature, history, and culture to back it up it will blow your mind. You will regret not taking this class. He could change your life.
I could listen to this guy talk forever. Really compelling material, almost seems like you're listening to a Joe Rogan podcast at times. He's one of those professors who will change the way you think and his GE 5 was quite possibly the best class I've had at SC. Take it.
Professor Berg is a wealth of knowledge. Hands down the best lecturer I've ever had; they are always insightful and incredubly interesting! He changed the way I view the world.I found him very open to different interpretaitons of texts.He is interested in his student's opinions and passionate about encouraging thinking from all sides.
I really disliked this class. Berg loves to hear himself speak, and even worse, thinks only his ideas are correct. You won't be able to answer his questions unless you think exactly like he. Lectures are boring, with no exact direction, paper prompts are a challenge to decipher, and he's a tough grader. Bad!!!
Opinions are dividen on Berg, but no one can dispute the fact that he knows the information better than anyone. Lectures are a bit dry, but write down what he says--he speaks in thesis statements so just grab one and you're thesis is set! Go to office hours, he appreciates the effort and it significantly helps your paper. Overall, great professor!
Extremely helpful class.  It really changed the way I see the world.  He is passionate and knowledgeable. Lectures are not as inclusive, but that's not really his fault.  He asks students to participate but theories discussed are difficult to grasp, so students sometimes shy away.  The course is cool though & he's happy 2 listen to students points
Berg really likes to hear himself talk. Even though what he says is relevant, it's easy to get bored and distracted. A lot of reading, which is mandatory. His essay prompts are usually difficult to comprehend, and he's a tough grader. I don't recommend this class.
Berg is a great professor. Very passionate and engaging. Most of the class is him talking, but everything he has to say is relevant, interesting, and insightful. Lots of required readings and films, but most are interesting. Not an easy grader, but fair. He wants students to form their own ideas and opinions from the material. Good class.
A good lecturer. Berg kept my attention and often made interesting points about the text. He is a bit intimidating, but harmless. I didn't think it was too difficult to get A's on the papers after following his comments on my first one. I enjoyed the class.
He's awesome, I've taken two classes with him and loved them both. I'm not sure why he's called a harsh grader on here, my experience has been exactly the opposite - pretty easy to get an A on his assignments. Under all the sarcasm, he's incredibly committed to his students and making sure they learn in his classes.
His lectures are a little crazy and rant-like, but he only assigns 3 or 4 essays.Somestimes strays into the boring. He grades harshly, UNLESS you attend office hours! I have personal experience with my grade improving greatly after I began attending office hours. His essay tips are invaluble. Participation is important to him as well.
He is soooo boring. He rants in a way that doesnt allow any ideas to be right besides his own. I wouldnt recommend him. Very harsh grader.
Berg is an incredible professor. He is enthusiastic about each text his class reads and gives extremely helpful feedback on each student's writing. The class is a discussion rather than just a boring lecture which is what made me really enjoy going. Berg is an awesome teacher and you should take his class! Good luck reading his handwriting though..
A great professor.  Could be boring at times.  Was very smart in what he brings to the table.  This contemporary drama class he had us read many interesting/mind blowing plays.  Not anything you are used to reading.  There is class discussion and then three papers, and a take home final which is two 5 page essays.  I would recommend it.
Not a very interesting english class at all, lectures at you in a very obnoxious way and is so sarcastic its hard to tell his expectations. Essays are graded quite harshly, lots of reading. Made me decide not to be an english major
1285754	Frank	Corsetti	17
Super easy class if you show up, listen, and take good notes. He gives multiple choice exams that are based entirely on lecture slide. Great teacher! This class actually made me declare a second major in earth science. Take it with him if possible!
This class will surely go down as my least favorite course taken at USC. I'm now a senior and took it last semester. It felt like 8th grade science class all over again; lectures were boring. Professor made it very difficult for anyone to get an A due to wording of exams plus trick attendance taking policies. STAY FAR AWAY.
Do not like geology but at times it was interesting.  Overall, it was a boring class but not difficult.  PowerPoint presentations are helpful for exams.
Awesome teacher! I came into this class expecting to be bored out of my mind, but it was interesting. Not difficult, but a great choice for GE4.
Honestlyy there are WAY easier classes than this one. Makes it so difficult to get an A. Memorize every word on the slide and you will get an A but too much stuff going on for a geology class; field trip, project, lab final including a class final. Just saying there are better classes.
Absolutely one of the best GE classes taken here solely based on the teacher being one of the best.  Extremely clear and helpful during office hours.  This class was the easiest A you can get without having to sacrifice actually learning to get it.
Very easy GE, it's all in the lecture and power point. I'm not a Geo major but this class was interesting and fun. I recommend it to anyone because Frank is awesome!
Frank is a BOSS. PERIOD. Easy tests, easy labs, easy class. Highly Recommended
First, do not buy the textbook, tests are solely on the powerpoint slides. The class is super boring -- I guess that is kind of obvious since it is geology. However, the tests are extremely straightforward as long as you study for a night and attended class. Kind of a lot of just memorizing for the tests, really not difficult though.
Frank is great! This class was my favorite GE. The tests are easy so long as you go to class and study. It's definitely worth taking.
He is an awesome professor. GO TO CLASSS = HINTS ON TESTS. I was able to know half the test just from going to class. Tests are based solely off powerpoint (but he leaves important ones out for people who don't go to class). Highly recommend the class. He makes a boring subject interesting.
This class is the bomb, and it's an easy GE.
Just go to class, pay attention, take good notes, then you shouldn't worry about this class. Doesn't use textbook at all. Taking good notes is a key. This class isn't that bad. Professor tries to make the material interesting, so that's good.
Just go to class, pay attention, take good notes. He tries to make subject interesting, so that's good. You don't need textbook at all. As long as you take good notes and review them, it's not that hard class.
i literally hate science and was terrible at it in HS and still am. I literally never went to lecture and still got an A in the class. really easy class if you have smart friends to explain the material to you. do jep if you are bad at science and study the midterms exactly for the final
Great guy, you don't have to go to class but I recommend going. Lectures are purely based off pp slides. Use his office hours. He will pretty much go over exactly what is on the midterms so you get out of his office faster. First test is harder than you think it will be so really know the pp slides inside and out. Lab isn't hard either.Easy B class
I really don't like earth science, so I did not love this class, but he turned out to be a pretty good teacher.  His lectures can be funny and interesting.  He really cares about the subject.  It's not too hard, and there's a nice curve.  But if you don't like earth science, you should probably skip it.  However, this was not terrible for a GE.
34528	Philippa	Levine	17
Lectures are not all the relevant to the exams. Much of the readings are not covered in detail in class but expected to be evident in course papers and exams. Overall, her lectures are entertaining but I didn't find a correlation between assigned reading (boring) and lectures (engaging).
Great lecturer. Interesting topics, stories & films. She's pretty lively and energetic. Have to know the readings well for midterms. (2 and a final) Overall not that bad of a class. Sometimes she can be harsh. IE make sure everyone says they've done the reading otherwise she'll skip over it in lecutre because you haven't &quot;done your part&quot;
Anyone who says this class is extremely difficult did not show up to the lectures or read any of the books. As long as you read and show up you will do well in Prof. Levine's class. She's very flexible about assignment dates and helpful with papers.
Levine is very knowledgeable and makes the class interesting.  If you want a teacher who is really smart and knows what they're talking about and are willing to put in a little extra work take this class.  If you are looking for a class to completely slack off in don't.
Very knowledgeable about her subjects, no paper, lots of movies, need to know articles read for class well for midterms, slightly harsh grading but over all not bad if you go to class
Professor Levine is very knowledgeable. A lot of reading- the quizzes are random but aren't hard as long as you read.  The midterm wasn't difficult at all, probably easier if you've had a background in history classes in high school.  You have two papers but they aren't that bad.  The grading is fair and the class is interesting, not a bad choice.
Run away from this class, its awful. The only reason people take it is for the comfortable hours. Bad idea, its dreadful
she's cold and its a super hard class
One of the worst professors in USC. Way too much reading. Illogical grading system. Lectures are too fast. Not very friendly. Very boring subject full of useless knowledge that you will never use.  Extremely difficult tests with a very limited amount of time. Registering PASS/FAIL is highly recommended.
always right and thats it
The class is very interesting and she always has great stories.
Levine is too full of herself
No Comments
No Comments
she's very knowledgable in her field but she's cold and forces students into believing her opinions.
The course is filled with very interesting topics and lots of movies.
Good prof.  She knows her stuff and is a friendly person.
800772	Andrew	Manning	17
He was extremely helpful and a great lecturer. 
Professor Manning is the reason why I majored in IR.  I personally felt that every lecture was interesting, he had a way of teaching that almost seemed as if he was telling a story while getting main points across. Professor Manning loved teaching and certainly had a flair for it. RIP Professor Manning. You will be missed. 
For all that do not know, Professor Manning passed away this last Xmas and he will be sorely missed. One of my favorite teachers that I had at USC and it is truly upsetting news to hear of his passing. RIP Professor Manning.
Discussion based, no lecture.  Didn't really take notes.  At first difficult to adapt, but he tests you on HOW you think not WHAT you think.  Tests based on how you use the sources.  Overall really it, but he is very neurotic and sometimes hard to follow.  If you participate you will like the class! He is very helpful and class is interesting!
Class sessions were all discussion and very little (~5%) lecture, and thus were not very informative. He let students talk about whatever we wanted, even if it wasn't in the readings. Thus very little actual teaching happened. He is also a VERY hard grader, as he kept giving me A minuses on my best work with no feedback telling me how to improve
Very very repetitive, class was interesting for the first two weeks then I never wanted to return. Introduces interesting theories and then just stays on that topic the rest of the semester. Only discusses Ireland and Yugoslavia (briefly Rwanda). Very passionate, but almost too much to teach effectively. Learned way more from reading than class.
Professor Manning is an average teacher. He enjoys talking about JFK or the Red Sox. He doesn't explain the actual material that clearly so it's up to you to learn it. The overall class isn't hard, but the way he teaches doesn't make it as easy as it should be. Interesting subject to learn, but not the way he taught it.
Super passionate, very liberal, sometimes rants. Took class fall freshman year not knowing what to expect and really enjoyed the material presented. Great teacher and really nice, can't wait to take another class with him. Grade is midterm final presentation & research paper. knew all of the readings still got a B, hard grader but worth it
I learnt nothing except that he is biased. If you think Catholics are solely to blame for the Northern Ireland Troubles, take this class. Otherwise, take a psych class. You'll learn the same material, in more detail, for an easier grade with a professor who isnt biased. He said that &quot;Thatcher would burn in hell.&quot; Doesn't practice what he preaches.
First off, this professor is one of the most inconsistent and unlikeable professors I have ever had.  While well-informed on IR matters, his class is extremely frustrating as he never makes clear what he expects.  The topics of JFK, sports, and Catholicism make an appearance every class regardless of relevance. Save your sanity and avoid this prof
Conservatives beware! You'll get marked down. JFK and FDR somehow are mentioned every class and Reagan is bashed. Half the time he's on tagents you can't write notes on. People would do their papers on liberal topics for a good grade. Before class everyone would vent how they hated the class. Other than that he's a nice guy to talk to after class.
Great professor! Sparks interest in the subject because of his own obvious interest in it. Extremely helpful, and always willing to come to campus early to meet with students if they need help catching up on the subject or have any questions. Take his political psych class!
He is an amazing professor, very helpful and chill. Moved class from 10 to 1030 and ends it at 1130 instead of 12.
Some lectures were really boring. He talked a lot about everything so it was kinda hard to figure out the main points. For his exams I consentrated on what the book thought was important and was fine with that. Def work hard the paper - put in the effort and you will get a good grade for sure. Overall I liked him and would recomend the class
Great professor. Write a killer paper to get an A. He's willing to help so much with the paper. He responded quickly to e-mails and let students borrow his own materials to help them. Very nice guy.
Despite all the praise I heard about him before taking his class, I found that his teaching style was not engaging.  The lectures were boring, and it was hard to discern the main points.  The topic material was, in retrospect, relatively interesting.
The class is not simple as his tests are pretty difficult and the essay portions are often graded tough. However, the class is one of the more interesting ones I've taken at 'SC and Prof. Manning certainly is a large reason why. He is very knowledgeable on the subject and overall a nice guy.
463754	Richard	Arratia	17
Lectures were of no use. Very Bad grading
Avoid this class, he is the worst professor I've ever seen my life.  Also gave very bad grade. He is mean and his course is in disorder, just cannot learn anything from him. 
Has exceptional knowledge. But doesn't know hot to teach, the content is all jumbled up. Tough to score even an average grade.
AVOID THIS CLASS!!  I had signed up for another professor earlier, and because Arratia had "better" reviews, I decided to take MATH 114 with him- WORST DECISION. He arrived late, and never planned his lessons.  Material was all jumbled up. He's very smart, but he does not use his intelligence to his advantage
He is actually the worst professor I have ever had.  He is such a jerk and makes his exams so long and then shows up to class late to give them when we only have 15 minutes.  Try and avoid this professor at all costs.
People are being wayy too haron this man, he is a great teacher, helped come up with many of the theories that he teaches, is very familiar with the content and I believe he taught it in a pretty understandabe manner. Interesting class also
If you have a good TA, this will be an easy class. If you actually try to understand what is going on in lecture or why, this will be a very frustrating course.
Grading policy is not reasonable. I tried to keep around average score but finally it turned out that I only got a C+. I heard that this professor did not take homework into consideration at all, while in the syllabus hw counted as 15%.
Had no prior probability experience but found this class very interesting! His lecture topics are random and he does not follow the book, but he makes the material clear and easy to follow. Tells you what will be on the weekly quizzes and midterms are based on quizzes, so you pretty much always know what to study and what to expect.
Great class to take if you want your GPA destroyed or if you enjoy pain.
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
He told me to drop the class without really checking my grade situation. He is just an absent  minded professor who does not have an ability to teach.
He looks kinda funny. And he really doesn't come prepared when he comes to class. Tried going to office hours for help on understanding his lectures, and he just repeats himself. Make sure you keep all your quizes. Midterms consist of exact quiz problems. Final consists of midterms, so make sure you focus on quizes.
No Comments
This guy, he is unbelievable, his lectures are right out of the twiligh zone, he doesn't follow the book, and adds extra material. He will lose you, guaranteed.
524371	Zdenek	Vorel	17
Vorel is impossible to understand, lectures only to the chalkboard, and does not communicate with his TA at all. His tests are much harder than the textbook and he always puts proofs on his tests that he may have mentioned once in class, &quot;to find the A students&quot;, so as painful as it is, try and go to class.
Extremely boring and very hard to understand.  It's really not worth going to class.  Get a tutor or teach yourself from the book.  That's the only way.
Vorel is not a good teacher. He always seems to be confused and it is impossible to learn anything from his rambling. Luckily math is easy for me and I could teach myself from the textbook, otherwise I would have failed! Be warned, he will put proofs on his tests that he only mentions once in class!
Avoid this class if at all possible. Homework and attendance put together are 5% of the overall grade.The only reason to ever attend lecture is for the comedic value of a poor senile old man confusing himself while lecturing to the chalkboard and incorrectly &quot;proving&quot; concepts. However, the TA's are amazing, capable and willing to help.
Do not take this course if you can avoid it. I am making a decent grade in this class but it is truly a headache. Thank goodness for the T.A.
All I have to say is...make sure you go to discussion because I find it almost impossible to take anything from lecture. Seriously. The only reason I go to lecture is for the &quot;surprise quizzes&quot; and random attendance checks. But really. GO TO DISCUSSION IF YOU WANT TO PASS.
He really does know his stuff, it's just hard for him to relay it. If you have taken Cal 1 before then you'll be fine with TA help. He's kind with good intentions and very understanding, you just can't understand him when he talks.
This professor is extremely old and unfortunately can not transfer his knowledge of math to his students. He is also hard of hearing and easily confused. Discussion is helpful, but do not skip his lectures because he takes random attendance quizzes. Tests are extremely difficult. Avoid this class by all means possible.
He's really old, but nonetheless, wise. He knows a lot about math, but between his shaky voice and strong accent, it makes it hard to understand him. He often gets confused or can't hear if you ask a question, so you're better off asking a TA. He's really nice and has good intentions. Tests are conceptually easy, but algebraically hard.
Although he was a very sweet and kind old man, he was very difficult to understand and did not explain any concepts well. I don't want to say he is &quot;the worst professor ever&quot;, there's no need to be mean like that, he just is not right for the profession. He is very old and has a thick accent and a soft voice which makes him hard to hear/listen to.
Worst professor in the history of Mathematics. I went to every lecture and got nothing out of it. Impossible to understand. He seems like a good man, but he is partially deaf and cannot answer students' questions in class. He really can't hear you! DO NOT take this class if you can avoid it.
A very sweet old man but a terrible professor
Horrible. Even his TA was hard to understand and almost completely useless. AVOID IF AT ALL POSSIBLE
Tests are way too hard and no one can understand a word he says.
No Comments
this teacher is terrible. please dont take him.  he doesnt know how to teach and his tests are so extrememly hard.
Worst Teacher Ever!! Didnt understand what dah hell he was saying throughout semester.
1494923	Walter	Rusin	17
Funniest math professor I've had at USC. That aside, his teaching was alright. Found it hard to pay attention in class when he was talking about math. I learned way more from doing practice problems.
Tough class, but Rusin is better than most professors in the math department. He breezes through the material in lecture, but most of the class is self-taught anyways. Doing tons and tons of practice problems is the only way to earn an A in this course.
Calculus III. Fair professor. Got a B-. Curves the grade. Take him if you can.
Fair professor. Curves the grade. Got a B-. Take him if you can for Calculus III, you won't regret it.
Great professor! Very helpful and is there for the students. His sarcasm and humor is truly great and entertaining. It was a joy going to class every time just to hear his jokes.
Rusin is a funny professor and really cute! T.A. is really hot too. T.A. is helpful only if you attend discussion. You'll do fine if you go to class and ask for help!
Professor Rusin is a pretty cool guy. He understands students and knows what it's like to be one so he's very helpful if you seek help. The class itself is kind of hard, but he always posts practice tests that are very similar to   the real test, even for the final exam. Master those, keep up with the work, and you will be fine.
A very cute professor with a great sense of humor. I don't know what other people's talking about. He cares about his students and wants them to do well. Overall, he's been very helpful and his lectures are very straightforward, easy to understand. If you put in the effort, you'll do fine.
With a strong background in calculus from high school, I took this class with the intent of getting an easy A. I was proved wrong. He requires students to solve problems the way he teaches (because we technically shouldn't know any calculus before this class). Midterms are difficult. Take class with caution.
A great math professor. HW is not mandatory! :)
Great Professor. Lectures are clear and high spirited while maintaining good test preparation. Answers questions with funny replies. If you can take math with him, do it!
He's a funny guy. He runs triathalons so he likes giving the class random stories. He gives out study guides for midterms and if you know those very well, you'll do great on the midterms. He prepares you very well for the final, I dont know my exact grade but I know I did well. The math department here is bad but he was great, highly recommended!
I took calculus 1 and 2 with this professor. Very clear professor, helpful, and really funny. He makes calculus funny making it fun to go to class. He gives you practice tests for the mid terms that are exactly like the actual midterms which is really helpful. Highly recommend it.
solid professor, easy class.
He's a really tough grader and he does take pleasure in seeing students suffer. but he expect students to learn from it and grow. He tried really hard to explain the material. I know a lot of people hate him but a lot like him too
As long as you are proficient in basic calculus you will be fine. Lectures were clear and organized but did not contain quiz and exam material.
Horrible, horrible teacher. Doesn't communicate with TAs, has extremely high expectations that no one can meet, tests don't correspond with HW/quizzes and are way too hard. He takes pleasure in seeing students do poorly. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS
152634	Sharon	Lloyd	17
Professor Lloyd is the best professor I've had at USC. The class is hard though. Don't take it if you're not interested in philosophy and willing to work hard. You don't need to read, but you do need to attend all lectures. Exams are hard and papers require lots of time.  I learned so much from this class though, and I looked forward to lecture.
A wonderful GE if you need an easier class and don't mind sci-fi. Lots of movies and Star Trek episodes. The lectures aren't particularly gripping, but the reading is great and it's a good peek into the realm of Philosophy.
For an upper division class, Lloyd is not so difficult. There is never any homework and attendance is not required. However, if you want to get a good grade you need to keep up with the heavy reading and attend every class. 2 papers, midterm, final are your whole grade. She is very clear. Take her!
If you like watching Star Trek, Gattaca, The Matrix, or any science fiction then this is the class for you. Professor Lloyd explains the homework readings very clearly and relates them to science fiction film. There are some in class handouts that are graded and 4 papers. She can be a tough grader but if you put in the effort you will improve.
What a wonderful way to learn philosophy! You watch Star Trek, The Matrix, Minority Report and more, all while learning about the foundations of Western ethical thought. Definitely would recommend her informative and engaging lecture style and innovative curriculum to a friend.
Heavy reading load, and it's convoluted political philosophy. Sometimes she uses so much terminology that it gets hard to follow, but she's always willing to expand on unclear ideas and the powerpoints clarify the main points. Great balance of discussion and lecture. I would recommend it to someone with aptitude/interest in philosophy or politics.
I'm guessing her PHIL class was once deserving of all the praise it has received. However, there was definitely a change in her this year. I don't know what it is, but she seemed like she wasn't always quite there in lecture. And her curriculum for the class is just ridiculously busy for a WRIT 140 component. All and all, avoid if you can.
So much writing involved. Almost weekly exercises (many short answer questions), 2 essay papers and 2 reading logs. Additionally a midterm and final. Somewhat interesting subject, but lectures really can go the full 2 hours and often turns into a discussion. I did not do the reading, just used internet sources and did fine in the class.
Lloyd is a great professor! She really knows her stuff and keeps it interesting for the students.  However, she would not help me reschedule an exam when there was a death in the family.  But overall, great professor!
Professor Lloyd is one of the best professors I've ever had. Since taking her class, I've become seriously interested in philosophy, thanks to her passion and wisdom. I look forward to taking more of her classes. Expect lots of work, critical thinking, and participation, but it is definitely worth it. Not a slacker class, but amazing! Take her!!!!!
This is probably the best philosophy course USC offers. Lloyd is goofy, absent-minded, and LOVES star trek. Class is pretty easy and essays are very straight forward. It also makes for probably the best writing component. Definitely recommended.
She is amazing!! She is not cold. She is brilliant! She inspires her students to think outside the box and speak up in class. This is my favorite class ever at USC and I am not even a Philosophy major. I feel smarter and like a better person for taking her class. If you go to class and discussion you will learn and grow so much!! A+++++
Very smart. When you write papers, she is more intent on the strength of your argument than whether or not she agrees personally.
Pretty cold.
She was a little cold at times but she's absolutely brilliant and it's a joy to listen to her think out loud.
She refused to allow me to retake a midterm that I got violently ill during, despite the fact that her TAs were having to check up on me in the bathroom to see if I was ok.  She lacks compassion and should find a new profession, I suggest Angel of Death.
She was very helpful and understanding, easy to talk to, and enthusiastic about the subject matter, even if she was a little long-winded in the class. I would reccommend her to a friend
44246	Eliz	Sanasarian	17
Greatest Professor I have ever had, loves teaching, loves her students and students love her back. One learns more than just Politics in her classes. She is funny and love her accent. She really cares about her students learning. She is the real Teacher.
She is an amazing person. The class was all lecture, but it was somehow MORE than lecture. She talked about personal experiences, stories, and really engaged you in the subject. Extremely knowledgeable and entertaining. However, entire grade consisted of one paper, one "homework assignment" (that was part of the final), and one final.
She structured the class well with five incredible books. Gave the student a great amount of freedom on picking their research paper topic. Very up to date on current world events and she edits her lectures and books every semester to stay current.One take home essay, in class essay final, and one research paper Highly recommended
I really enjoyed her class. She is funny and smart. It should have been an easy A but I slacked off on the final paper. Its interesting for both posc and non-posc majors. Do the reading and attend lecture and you will learn a lot! Class isn't too difficult. Overall it was Interesting and easy. I'd encourage anybody to take her class
A great, truly compassionate teacher that absolutely loves students and politics.  Fair grading, and lectures are out of the textbook.  She has an interesting sense of humor that takes a while to get used to.  But an amazing person.  Take advantage of her office hours; she is the kind of person you also want to get to know personally.
Sanasarian is planning on retiring soon so I suggest you take her class before she leaves. Her interest lies in comparative politics specifically environmental, religious, and ethnic politics. She is a fair hard grader. She possesses the European humor, which makes her lectures very engaging. Very accessible and interested in her students success.
Outgoing, knowledgable, and organized. Her lectures are generally straight from the book, but she delivers the material methodically and easily digestible (the book is a little scattered). Super approachable and always willing to help if asked.
Really enjoyed her class, fantastic reading  list, great breadth of topics. She is so nice and loves to hear students' opinions. She gives you a lot of respect and her full attention when you are talking to her. She is quirky and entertaining but also has a wealth of experience and knowledge on the subject. Definitely recommend the class with her.
Great professor really breaks down the different countries well and presents them in a clear manner. Also, her lectures are pretty entertaining! 2 papers and a midterm and final. The papers aren't not that bad and the midterm isn't too hard but you really got to study!
She teaches straight from the book.  loves to mention that she has published books.  She's nice, but not an engaging lecturer.  If interested in material, it's a good class.
A lot more fun than she looks. material was straight from the book and tests were multiple choice/essay. if there are TA's doing the grading you'll be fine
Her classes where the ones that really stayed with me. I was reluctant to take a Womens class but it was great. I loved the info. The tests--well, not easy, but ok.
ok teacher, pretty much lectures from the book though, easy class.
VERY DIFFICULT GRADER -- SHE'LL HURT YOU, but her class is great!
No Comments
Don't miss class. Grade gets docked if you do.
so fun and inspiration...just great
663685	Julie	Albright	17
she is really wonderful and helpful and not to hard
Suuuper easy class.  Going to class is not necessary and it NEVER went the whole time; always got out early.  Go to discussions and do the study guides before the exam and you'll get an easy A.
Very easy professor.  Gets through material quickly, and rarely, if ever went the whole time.  Not very much need to show up to class.  Show up to discussions and do the review, and it should be an easy A.
EASY
awesome!
The class is easy and fun. She is also a very sweet person; also easy to understand. 1 midterm, 1 final (non-cumulative), 1 project (essay, presentation, or JEP volunteer). Before each exam, she will provide a study guide with ALL of the topics that will be on the test. If you need a diversity requirement, I recommend this class.
Whilst easy, it really was a complete waste of time.
She's the best!
Very energetic and engaging. Classes are short and to the point. Classload is light (3 mulitiple choice exams, 1paper) Lectures are easy to follow. They cover text and Albright's analysis. Lots of surveys are given in class and there is some group work that is not graded. Easy class altogether and Albright is an UberTrojan and she shows it.
treats students and staff at elementary school level.  displays favoritism towards some. usually late to class. mocks students a lot.
Great Teacher!! Funny and makes class FUN!!
best teacher, so clear and learned a lot
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
Prof Albright definitely makes classes fun with her humor and stories. She's also sensitive to your needs like if you need her to explain something or slow down. What's also great is that she's never yet failed to end the class at least 15 mins early. I definitely recommend her Into to Sociology (soci-200m) to everyone!!!
I had Julie for 200, 314, 369 and 320. Her classes are interesting and she makes them fun as well. She is very helpful, the workload isn't extensive and her tests are not very difficult. Definitely take her classes!
728685	Nina	Eliasoph	17
Really liked the topic and her outfits!
Professor Eliasoph was definitely the most interesting professor I've had so far. Her lectures are lively and I really appreciate her commitment to teaching us a new way of thinking, rather than just having us memorize theories.
Prof Elisaoph is the worst prof I have ever had. Her lectures are mandatory by pop quizzes and completely useless to attend. She does not present her material logically and taking the class did not benefit me in any way. Avoid this prof like the plague. It is not even worth the somewhat easy grade and even the TA slept through class.
She made me want to change my major to sociology. She was very interesting, it was enjoyable and easy, but she does get off track very easily, and sometimes she would end up being inconsiderate
She is hilarious!!  Lots of really strange things learned in this class I didin't expect.  If you ask a lot of questions you will do well.
She is very spacey and goes on a lot of tangents. She's very hard to follow and doesn't explain her ideas well. She also poses essay questions in a very confusing way. If it weren't for my TA, I don't know how I would've written my essays.
Pretty interesting class.  Lots of material but theres lots of opportunity to get help on midterm and final essays.
Sure, she avoids giving definitive answers and gets wrapped up in the moment and loses track of time, but its refreshing to have a prof that actually cares about students learning and doesnt just feed you a laundry list of info that you later regurgitate.  You MIGHT actually learn a lot in this class.
She is hard to follow sometimes, but her heart is in the right place and she is brilliant!  I learned a LOT in this class.  Highly recommend.
This class made me want to crawl out of my skin at first - she makes absolutely no sense and manages to make the most absurd comments, and sometimes inappropriate ones about sex. So unclear, any help you asked for was a death wish. I pretended to laugh at her jokes, which was cool, but basically: avoid this professor like the plague. Good luck.
NINA!! She's a nut for sure. Talks in circles, has very awkward/inappropriate accents while explaining things, and never wears a matching outfit. BUT, she is incredibly easy, interested in everything that you do, and I found her awkward demeanor endearing.
She's pretty all over the place with her notes and her thoughts. Multiple times, I sat in class not knowing how the lecture/books related to the topic. She's full of ideas and is an easy grader. Just be careful, she drones a lot, sometimes about nothing really important. She loves participation, too.
Very generous grader, and very nice. She is back and forth a lot with ideas, but she's actually an extremely intelligent woman.
She is extremely knowledgeable but definitely &quot;scatter-brained&quot; with a sociological purpose. There are almost never definite answers, so she really encourages other perspectives. Material isn't hard but you have to be careful to write essays in a sociological way, which is weird when you first start. Double-check deadlines, cause she makes mistakes
Really helpful; changes the way you think about society; has great outfits; rides her bike to work; interesting, challenging, and creative
talks in circles often. she's helpful if you approach her, very fair with grades--understand the material, do the work, and you'll be fine
The class concepts are not extremely difficult, but somewhat hard; when Eliasoph explains the concepts she makes them more difficult than need be.  She is scatter-brained and cannot complete her thoughts and sentences, making for poor class notes.
1520346	Anita	Dashiell-Sparks	17
life-changing class and teacher. a fantastic acting teacher who also teaches critical studies in an helpful, relevant way.
Anita is a great person. Super nice and friendly. However, she is an unnecessarily tough grader. Anyways, I would not take another class from her, and I do not recommend this class for serious acting students.
thtr 101 is weird because it's majors and non-majors. But Anita is AWESOME. So much experience and she is just inspiring. Really loves the work of acting and teaches you how to work. Doesn't yell, but doesn't feed students egos much either. It's about the work. If you're serious you'll get a lot of her classes.
Anita is the nicest lady ever, but I honestly don't think that anyone in my class made drastic improvement under her tutelage. She is good with physicality, but she teaches in a very technical way. I found her class very basic, and I think all the other kids in my class that were actually interested in acting as a major would agree.
loved her class. learned a bunch. inspiring acting teacher. into the work, not her own ego. refreshing. inspiring.
Learned a lot. One of the best at USC. Not a yeller like many acting teachers. Knows her stuff inside and out and has the professional background to back it up.  Listen carefully to what she says, if you do, you'll get So Much better and a good grade.  Into actors learning to be self motivated, well trained, smart actors. Love her class!
Disappointed by her class. Coursework is not rigorous and she does not demand much of her students. Her class was not a challenge. Often takes too much time to get class started. Haven't learned anything yet this semester, and we're nearly done with the course. However, Anita is a very caring and intelligent person.
What an amazing inspiration! It really is an honor that this woman teaches us. So patient and caring and fun. Real down to earth.
This was my first theatre/acting class and I loved it. This professor is most wonderful! Her feedback comments are always helpful, constructive and spot-on. She will help you grow in skill and confidence as an actor.
One of the nicest individuals I've met in my life. She is extremely understanding and a great listener/observer. Her method is heavily based on movement (at least in 101). Don't miss class; each missed class turns out to be about 5 percent of your overall grade (SOT policies). If you do that and just be open and polite, easy A. Great resource too.
Anita is fantastic, one of the real pros at USC SOT. Demands moment to moment truthfulness. She demands students take responsibility for their learning and she does it w/ o yelling, belittling. I learned a lot because she teaches how to self access and not be a &quot;dependent&quot; actor. She doesn't try to be a cult teacher, so if u need that, grow up.
I was disappointed in my first School of Theater acting class. Though she is a lovely person Anita is not really the best to teach theater majors who are aspiring to push themselves. Great class for a non-major looking for fun...but too much group discussion and vagueness with critique, plus she never returned my emails requesting to meet with her.
I can tell by the timing of some of the remarks below that maybe some students got a lower grade than they expected! Hah! Anita is a real pro, knows her stuff back and forth. She's brilliant at pulling awesome performances out of actors without demoralizing you. Her love of theatre and acting shines thru and is contagious.  One of the best.
Very doubtful about theatre as a major and profession until I took her class. Anita is amazing!
Anita is very sweet, like a mother to the class, a great teacher for an intro-level course. Sometimes wish she pushed us more, but made progress with her nonetheless
She is very theatrical and nice, but also  very undisciplined. The explorations of ourselves through exercises were mostly weak and inconsistent. Plus, the process of ident. with our characters rested on our knowledge before this class -- and considering the nature of the class, it can't be lots. Overall, fun but not much of a learning experience.
Anita creates a relaxed atmosphere for acting in her classes. She's critical, but always positive and encouraging. But we did end up sitting around and talking for a lot of class time. She teaches acting as &quot;feeling&quot; the character, which was fine, but it also made it so she couldn't really critique us. It was a fun class, but I didn't learn much.
600147	Cheryl	Mattingly	16
As a GE, this class was a joke, and a bad one at that. I came into the class with little no interest in Anthropology and left with a resounding hatred for the subject. Lecture basically consists of Cheryl talking to her self with a powerpoint in the background. In my opinion, expectations are just way too high for a GE. Would not recommend.
This class is NOT an easy A for a GE. Lecture is pretty much pointless. Discussion sections help somewhat, but not much. Prof Mattingly's really passionate, but her class, and the readings that go along with it, is still really dry and boring. I wouldn't take this class unless you have a real interest/passion for anthropology.
It was taken as a GE6 course. I'm sure the professor knows her material really well, but she just doesn't know how to teach. She basically reads off her powerpoit and show us video each class.
A truly awesome educator and researcher.  She has a true passion for her fascinating work, and this energy comes through in her excellent and engaging teaching.  She was always accessible during office hours to clarify points in class.  It was truly an honor to be in her class and I hope to cross scholarly paths with her again in the future.
Professor Mattingly is very passionate about her field of study (medical anthropology/ethnographic research), and as a result her lectures on the topic are fascinating. She is a very cheerful and receptive person, and you will certainly do well if you come to class ready to talk about the readings and put forth genuine effort in your final paper.
Prof. Mattingly's classes are warm and engaging. I took an upper division anthropology class and loved it. Her classes are more about learning and exploration than memorization. Definitely take her class. If I could go back to USC and do it over, I would have taken more with her.
The class brings up a few interesting points but Mattingly basically uses the entire semester to hammer in those same few concepts over and over again.  Not terribly difficult, interesting at times, basically a fluff class.
interesting class, but not really what i expected from the title of it. readings really helpful, and the lectures varied from super boring to intriguing. had a great TA who clarified everything prof said, which REALLY helped
Stay away from Prof. Mattingly. She is a nice lady but has no business teaching at this university. The entire class was about her studies on disability not various cultures. She is disconnected from reality. She goes through her lecture slides so fast you can't take notes. They are posted online but they don't make sense anyway. DONT TAKE HER!
the class was not what i expected. she was extremly boring. It was not a hard class but its REALLY REALLY boring
This class had so much potential. The subject matter was so interesting in the beginning, but the course is basically about this one topic. Grading is VERY subjective and subject matter is VERY fluffy. In order to do well in this class, you basically have to think exactly like the TA. If not, you won't get a good grade.
Not what I expected to be. TA does your grading. Grading very subjective. A lot of reading. A very fluffy class.
I think she is very bubbly and excited to be there, which makes the class interesting because she is passionate about the topic and so eager to here what we as students have to say.  The class is demanding, and focuses on analysis and metaphors.
No Comments
No Comments
Probably one of the worst classes I have had yet; Prof M. basically found the most abstract and superfilious subject matter, wrote a book on it, and somehow convinced the administration to have her teach a class about it.  Easy as hell if you put up with the ****; really annoying TA
505348	Doug	Noble	16
This is a MUST TAKE class for all architecture students. Great professor with so many guest speakers with a various architectural-field career (helpful advice every class). Who would've known that there are so many career in this field. Very inspirational and this class might actually change your point of view on some things you didn't consider. 
Doug Noble founded the Ph.D. program in the Architecture school and he teaches all the classes.  Doug is super dedicated to all of us in the program.  He really tries to scare us into working harder, but we know he is too nice inside to actually threaten us.  We work hard because we like him.
The project was a visitors center at Joshua Tree National park.  The best part of studio was camping there.
The best studio I have taken at USC.  Doug is super dedicated and puts many hours into his class.  He arrives early and stays late to help students
Great term project
I was in his studio in 2003.  Very tough, but knowledgeable and fair.  Don't show up late to studio.
He is tough, but fair.  I did my best work in his thesis class because he damanded it.
Passionate about our class.  You can tell he likes to teach.
Smartest guy in the department
Arch 692
Doug Noble is a rare &quot;positive reinforcer&quot; who still challenges you...young, talented, and ready to back you up if your willing to go there...
if you don't recognize his brilliance that's because you aren't
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
horrible.....! totally out of touch..and way behind...current technology...!!!
313828	Donal	Manahan	16
Although I only took a freshman seminar with Manahan, I was still able to discover his absolute genius craft of lecture delivery. He manages to provoke critical thinking about biology, which I didn't think was possible. He's incredibly personable and is, by the way, incredibly connected as the Dean of the College. Absolutely get to know this man.
Great professor all around. He really cares.
Absolutely phenomenal professor. Very clear and approachable. Lectures were fun to attend (and I don't say that often.) Dr. Manahan's students love him, and for a very good reason!
As other ratings have shown, he is an amazing professor that tries to make us prepared for his exam, not fail. He is dedicated, passionate, enjoyable and his class was never boring at all. Too bad he doesn't teach the entire semester, but its worth it to have him even if its only a third of the semester :D
Best BISC120 teacher. Very clear as to what would be on the test (the catch is, you need to show up to class). Very enthusiastic and had very engaging lectures. I wish all teachers could be as informative and helpful as he was.
He was the best prof out of the 3, really inspiring and kind, also very clear about what the test was going to be about, stayed for 2 hours at a review session...wish he taught 220.
I think it is not an overstatement to say that Dr. Manahan is one of the best professors at USC. If you can take any of his classes or attend any of his seminars, DO IT! Very enthusiastic in lecture and exams are strictly based on lecture. There're no tricks with Dr. Manahan, he'll tell you what material is on the exam.
Great Teacher!! USC's Bio dept is in some serious need of more professors like him. Take his class, you'll enjoy it!
Manahan is amazing! At first I thought there was just a huge hype around him and that he knew how great people thought he was, but after a few lectures, I realized he really is awesome! Very clear about what will be on the exams so go to class! Also very approachable in office hours. Director of Wrigley so get to know him if you want to go there!
great
Manahan is easily the best bio 120 professor and will probably be one of the best professors I have while I'm here. His lectures are enjoyable every time and he really wants you to have a valuable learning experience. His test is not hard at all as long as you know most things from the slides. He makes bio 120 worth it.
He is a good teacher. Very clear, passionate, and compassionate towards students. He brought in current events and related the subjects to us. He tells you what you need to know for exams in lecture, so class attendance is a must. He's a little self-absorbed though.
Favorite professor of the three.  Very interesting lectures brought in a lot of video and current events- a nice break from just going off of the book.  Tells you what you should know for the test, so going to lecture has its perks, plus its interesting anyway.  Seems to really care about students.
manahan rocks!!!!!!  made class really interesting-inspired me to research topics covered after the class was over.  great lecturer, not at all boring.  tests were very fair and very lecture based
one of the best professors i've had.  very passionate, cares about students.  GREAT lecturer.  LOVED his class.  anybody that did not do well in his class, it was their own fault.
No Comments
927153	Regina	Wetzer	16
Terrible professor.  Reads from slides in class, boring droning voice. Her tests are COMPLETELY IRRELEVANT. &quot;What is a solar slug and how does it work&#63;&quot; She went over that lecture before test and said it won't be on the test. &quot;What is wrong with this evo tree&#63;&quot; Answer: It is wrong.  Do the experiment again.  Seriously she is HORRIBLE. BAD BAD BAD.
She was quite boring. Lecture noes: not very helpful. READ the book!
fairly poor teacher, boring and monotonous lectures.
Wetzer lectures straight from the book. While many saw this as a negative, I found it really great. If you read the chapter in Campbell ahead of time, then the lecture is really meaningful as it serves as a review. Also very nice to talk to in person during office hours. Very sweet. Must know the book well for the exams.
Prof. Wetzer pretty much taught straight from the book, making her lectures very boring. She was nice and enthusiastic, but she really sped through the slides. Her test had WAY too many questions for just 50 minutes, and most of them seemed to be about trivial things.
I thought she was a really nice professor. Her lectures were informative, but pretty boring. Her test was hard, but if you keep up with the reading, it's easy to get an A with the curve.
Her class was boring. She just read the book for you but her test was too hard. Her test goes too specific to those tiny details, and she will never test you what you think is important! If you are thinking about take it as a GE, which is pretty much what i did, you are totally wrong!!!!!! Trust me!
Nice teacher but bad teaching skills and exams are too hard.  Tests on stuff that is very irrelevant (solar slugs was a short answer question..&#63;)
Very enthusiastic -learned a lot
Well, maybe she's been reading this site, because this year's exam was completely fair.  She pretty much told us what to worry about, and that's what was on the exam.  Nothing from left field, nothing unexpected.  Her problem is that no matter how hard you try, no one is interested in the inner workings of molluscs.
With practice, Dr. Wetzer could become a competent lecturer. Her exams are far too difficult.
the worst thing that a teacher could do to their students is make them lose trust in you as a teacher. Wezter did exactly that by presenting information that she explicity said was not to be reviewed in detail and not to worry about, only to be on the exam completely blank for you to fill in. She was by far the worst teahcer I've ever had, BEWARE!
She wasnt the greatest professore  to have but she wasnt all that bad. If you just listened and put in the work it was not a big deal, but she was by far harder then the other 2 professors that year.
Many of the students I took bio 120 with felt decieved by her becuase she would present figures she said would not be needed for the exam, and them put them in the exam to fill in completely. She's not a fun teacher, thankfully she's only there for a 3rd of the course.
She might be Satan reincarnated in the form of a ghoulish woman creature that's completely obsessed with arthropods, and expects students to know the most obscure, useless details about arthropods.
Wetzer was sooo much harder than Bakus.  Her lectures were really choppy because she kept playing clips of a movie throughout them.  She said we didn't need to know details, then asked us to construct two phylogenetic trees on the midterm.  Definately the WORST of the three BISC 120 professers.
1332144	Cornelius	Sullivan	16
Worst professor I've had at USC. Thinks that the purpose of the class is to brag about his life achievements. Goes on long irrelevant tangents and would more often than not, not finish the powerpoint slides, there were usually like 76 slides per powerpoint. Stresses things that will be on the midterm and goes a different direction.
Worst teacher ever. He gave terrible lectures and tests that were irrelevant to the material he taught in class.
Great man, horrible lecturer
Horrible. So boring, incredibly hard tests. You MUST go to SI for his section or you won't learn a thing. Short answer questions on midterm are mostly diagrams where you have to fill in the blanks.
So. Boring. Rambles on and on. Test was very difficult because he never finished his ppt so everything was from the book or from a concept he never went over. Some letures he would get to slide 35/75 before time ran out. No one went to lectures, wish I hadn't. Talked a lot about himself and his colleagues. Can't avoid for 120 though :(
I went to almost every lecture and he was boring and confusing. He would say that something was important and to know it on his slides, so I studied those hard, but then he did not even put questions on his exam about it. So basically you have to read the book and know everything or you're screwed. And he never answered my email about office hours.
He cannot make his point clearly and he cannot finish his slide, so I have to study it on my own after class. His test material has nothing connected with his lecture. Avoid his lectures.
I'm sitting in his class right now. It's so boring, nobody shows up anymore. His voice makes me want to punch him in the face. I hope he reads this. He rambles a lot and talks about himself. I hope he knows 99% of people don't enjoy his class. He seems like a smart person but cannot teach a biology course. Rely mostly on the textbook.
though he does not count clicker points, it is best that you go to his lectures. i only went to his lectures and studied for 2 hours for the exam and got a solid a.
Boring, monotone voice with very unhelpful powerpoint slides.
TERRIBLE CLASS. Absolutely destroyed all my hopes in pursuing the science or medical field. His lectures are confusing, unclear, and dull. He strays off topic much too often and as a result, hindered my learning experience. In all honesty, he is a nice guy and a great biologist but an awful lecturer. AVOID THIS CLASS AT ALL COSTS.
AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL. I would rather bang my head against a wall then go to his lectures. He doesnt teach anything, he talks about himself only. he is monotoned. his test doesnt apply to the lectures.  and his slide shows don't make any sense.
His lectures are so dry and his powerpoints are absolutely useless. NO ONE went to his lectures because they did not help at all. Going to his lectures wanted to make me cry they were so boring
His lectures do not make any sense and he never finishes his power points. He does not explain anything that he teaches or has you read. He says the test are based on the lecture but they based on the reading
...
In general, BAD TEACHER!! Knows nothing about the subject, all he likes to talk about is his personal adventures. Does not go over all his slides. Slides are missing. Expects to know material on the test that hasn't been gone over. GOODLUCK if you end up taking him!
1771918	Maria	Loumioti	16
She clearly knew accounting from her own experience, but she was terrible at relaying that info to her students. Didn't seem very prepared for lectures, and didn't take much interest in her students at all. Came into the class excited to learn, but her long lectures and lack of effort was a serious turnoff for me. Good luck
One of the worst professors I've had at USC. Treats class like a kindergarten and can barely speak English.  Classwork was pretty straightforward and tests were easy, but she'll still find a way to bring down your grade if she doesn't like you(or even know you for that matter).
Completely subjective grading. Got all A's on midterms, quizes, hw, final. Got a B in the class because participation was worth 20% of your grade. I attended to every single one of her class and even volunteered to ask questions. I got a 10100 for Participation. Seriously unethical.
She says exactly what will be on exams. Pretty easy class and gives partial credit.
While she is very knowledgeable and clearly understands the content, she fails to create a fair and engaging class environment. Participation is 18% of your grade and it's completely arbitrary. She had a lot of emotional swings during class and would be very harsh at unpredictable times. She's a decent teacher but I wouldn't recommend her.
Probably the worst professor at USC to ever teach. Cold called and would make students feel incompetent. Absolutely no patience for clarification questions. Sent grade reports HOME. Makes people NOT want to do accounting.
WORST PROFESSOR EVER!! I got A on both midterm and the final and still got a B because of participation grade. I went to class everyday and some office hour, still got 10% b/c she "didn't know me". PS: Hope she reads these comments
The worst professor in the entirety of USC. There is no reason why such a large portion of our grade should be based on such a biased point of view. You can get a hundred percent on both the midterm and final and still get a B because she doesn't know you. The only upside is that it is half a semester. AVOID
I actually think she's a pretty good Accounting teacher. The thing that sucks is her way of counting "participation." I noticed as the semester went on, she would only call on students who she knew the names to. I would raise my hand every class period but she would never pick me. Ended up with a 10% on my participation grade. So unfair.
Horrible teacher, avoid at all costs. If you do not fully understand a concept, she will scoff at your questions and answer them in a condescending manner. She makes you feel ashamed of asking questions and has a short temper. To top things off, her insecurities about her accent causes her to lash out sometimes. AVOID!
TERRIBLE TEACHER. DO NOT TAKE WITH HER. She makes all her students feel incompetent and has no patience when people don't understand. Her tests are all ridiculously hard, as well, and doesn't have genuine interest in her students. AVOID HER.
Not a good teacher. Very veryy thick accent. Is pretty mean and definitely scary. Makes you feel stupid if you ask a question, as if you're an idiot if you don't "get it". Office hours aren't much different. Definitely doesn't explain things as well as she should, and is very confusing.  AVOID her.
Avoid at all costs. Very thick accent makes it hard to understand her. Also, if you ask her to repeat what she said, she will get irritated because she is insecure about her accent. Makes students feel belittled and incompetent. Her exams are okay if you study hard for them and attend class everyday. All in all, not a good professor to take.
Pretty good professor, she's organized and very clear on what you need to know. Scan the textbook but the lecture is where you learn what's most necessary. She's very willing to help you out in office hours, quizzes and exams are doable as long as you study hard and attend class.
Maria is a great professor, she makes accounting interesting and tries to draw you into the course. If you take her make sure you do your homework and you utilize her office hours. She is willing to help you as long as you put in an effort. Her exams are fair if you study. She takes a personal interest in your progress. Loved her.
Makes students feel dumb, very disrespectful. Avoid her at all costs
1085920	Daniela	Baroffio-Bota	16
Dr. Baroffio was far and away the best professor I've ever had. She's tough and makes you work, but she's also 100% there for you. She provides extensive and challenging feedback, but the result is that you will produce some of your best work ever. As my thesis advisor, I could not have asked for a better person.
Class is definitely not easy, but if you put in the effort you'll do well.  Thoroughly goes over material and assignments in class.  Reading is necessary to do well.  Although it was one of my more difficult classes, I felt like I took away a lot more than my easier classes.
2 papers, one essay midterm and essay take home final. Grading completely depends on TA. Class time is spent having Professor Baroffio go over the readings, which is pretty useless because her vocabulary is extensive and wording is ambiguous. I didn't learn much from this class at all and would recommend another 300 level
the class is kind of challenging but prof. baroffio does a good job going over the concepts very thoroughly. she explains the readings and has useful powerpoints and video clips. i found the class very interesting.
Great class! As someone commented before, it is a class mainly about politics and it's relationship with media. You MUST ATTEND lectures in order to fully understand the material. But no need to do readings as she covers them thouroughly during class.
Professor Baroffio really likes what she teaches, and it shows. The material is interesting, but you have to go to class to understand the powerpoints. You are graded on two term papers, a midterm and a take home final. I definitely recommend going in to talk to her or one of the TA's for input on the papers. Overall good class.
she is not nice at all, and very picky. If she does not like you, and you cant change her at all.
She really loves what she does, but can be hard to follow and kinda boring. Overall the class is basically learning about theory which sucks, but it isn't too hard.
Never paid attention or did any of the readings but still got an A in the class. She is really nice but the class is so boring. your entire grade is determined by 1 easy midterm, 1 paper, and 1 take home final. so easy.
the class isnt what you expect it to be. its all about politics and its relation to entertainment. she is a good professor and knows her stuff. her powerpoints are confusing and the material is presented quickly and is pretty heavy stuff. if you dont go to class youll fall behind. readings arent necessary if you go to class. she expects too much.
The class is not useless but it's boring. Her personal matters get in the way of her teaching, which is unprofessional. I did not appreciate her changing the deadline of our final paper so she could go on a vaca. You can easily spot a new teacher by the unforgiving way she treats students. If you get on her bad side, you don't get a second chance.
She hardly makes sense when she lectures and is very difficult to follow.
very helpful, precise, and thought provoking. whoever says she is incomprehensible should probably not be in college at all.
Sometimes it seems Prof. Baroffio does not even understand key concepts herself. Her explanations are long winded and generally incomprehensible. She also tends to repeat herself, wasting valuable class time. She is a stickler for plagiarism and seems to take pride in the fact that she has expelled numerous students for this very reason.
I lOVE Daniela....She's extremely smart, and open to all student ideas. Just speak up and give your opinion in class, and she'll love you! She's also really approachable and is very willing to help students. Need help, Just ASK her!! Definatley one of my favorite professors!!
she's got so many interesting and deep thoughts. i found lectures hard to totally keep up with, but my grades showed i did fine. she's very open to meeting outside class, but not always available. encourages discussion/thoughts in lecture alot.
34380	Robert	Dekle	16
I think professor Dekle is very knowledgable. He is also really easy on grading for Econ 653, and very friendly also. As for the grade: 20%  midterm exam 30%  three in-class presentations 50%  term paper for midterm, we had to prepare for 4 chapters! and we had only 3 questions to answer just understand the stylized facts of each chapt
Awful teacher. Learned absolutely nothing from him. Had to hire a tutor to teach me everything.
Awkward guy, makes it a difficult class to be in. Went to ask him about possible career advice... told me to become a teacher.... Obviously doesn't want to be teaching. USCs econ department is embarrassing.
He is not the best professor. Econ is not the most interesting subject but he amplifies how boring it can be. His lectures are very unorganized and he never goes into detail about any one topic. Final is 50% of grade. If you are good at Econ you will be fine but if not avoid or be prepared to hangout with your TA alot every week.
Great Teacher
One of the worst professors I've had at USC.  His lectures are very unclear and he does not go over any material that will be on the test (just study the HW). He's very awkward and unable to answer questions on basic concepts.  I stopped attending after the midterm (avg was 40%).  I pulled off a B in the class, but I learned absolutely nothing.
Avoid if possible. Class is a waste as he doesn't know how to teach the material and doesn't show any interest in trying to teach either. His grading is unclear and you won't know what you get until the end. Save yourself the torture and just avoid when registering for ECON 305
This is the worst option for ECON 305, really. He does not like teaching and does not care about his students at all. He feels uncomfortable in front of the class, reapeating words, drawing the same graph 10 times in one lecture. In the middle of semester only 7-10 students were showing up for lectures. The most boring and useless class in SC!
Awful teacher. Go to discussion if you actually want the grade you deserve.
Dekle teaches straight from the book, so if you know the book down pat, you should be fine for the exams. There are 4 problem sets (20%), one midterm (30%), and one final (50%). To give you an idea of what the grading scale is like for the midterm my semester: A:90+, A-:80+, B+:70+, B:60+, and so forth. All in all, he's on the easier side.
I would hardly call a professor being an academic if he maneuvered to become the Chair of the Department, only to drop the position the day he earned full professorship.
The TA kept assuring us that he was brilliant and was going to be famous one day.  That may be so, but it didn't help those of us who were trying to learn from him.  He's obviously uncomfortable in front of the class and spent most of the time mumbling incoherently into the mic.
Dekle is one of those professors who likes to be in his head. He spent 20% of the course strolling around the room just thinking about what to say to the class. I asked him for a recommendation after I got an A-, but he ignored my email.
He should be tested on some basic concepts...He was a poor student at Yale he should not be in Academia
No Comments
No Comments
1666560	Michael	Michaux	16
This professor is one of the few of is actually teaching. There is no customer service here. No Sir! I think he and Alonso are the only two profs left to keep it real. Finally a breath of fresh air in a world of customer-service  and tuition-seeking institutions! Monsieur Michaux, Bravo!
I took Michaux because he got fairly good reviews on this website for being straightfoward. The class seems pretty easy at first because he lets you drop a midterm, but there is no curve and the material is really hard. The 2nd midterm is also way harder than the first. Take Nazarian if you can, Michaux was hard.
The class is pretty much made up of 2 midterms and 1 Final, and he drops the lowest midterm score. His study guides are midterms from prior years, but you still have to study a lot. He genuinely does not care about the students, he just wants to get the job done. Be prepared to study for many hours, a LOT of myEconLab, and read a lot of articles.
This class isn't an easy one. He is not really receptive to helping, but if you ask him for help he does respond. He is rude and abrasive, but very knowledgeable. Going to class doesn't help with exams, he spends the entire time proving equations instead of going over conceptual problems. A LOT of econ lab homework.
This professor is the boss! He has this really tough attitude, makes jokes all the time. The class is super fun!! "No pain, no gain"
Nice Professor!He gives you past exams and samples before midterms and final, and about 30% of the questions will be the same. The only difficulty might be the reading material since 10 questions will be from the readings in every test. But if you follow his schedule and stay for the presentation, you'll be fine.
Simply study the practice tests and briefly read his slides and you'll do well. One presentation and online homework for each chapter (all due in once at the day of final). Attendance is not necessary. He allows students to attend any of his class sections and finishes lecture in an hour (followed by presentation which you dont have to watch.)
Textbook professor. Not very inspiring. The exams are easy if you keep up with the readings and do every practice test. Do not fall behind on myEconLab. THE PRESENTATION IS NOT GRADED. He takes no notes during any of them. I'm 99% sure that Michaux only requires these because the economics dept caught onto his infamous 45 min lectures (now 90 mins)
Really great at explaining concepts; doesn't rush through  them. Keeps class interesting with sarcasm and jokingly picking on students. Grade is slightly tough because only 30% of the class gets A's and few opportunities for points, but if you're confident, he's a great professor for you.
This is a challenging course regardless of who you take it with, but Michaux does a great job of concisely lecturing on what is important. If you go to class, keep up with the reading, and do the problems and midterms he gives to study, you will do well and learn a lot
The class is well organized. Difficult material. Group presentations are a great way to encourage discussions and critical thinking! If you have to take this, that's probably the coolest professor out there!
HE IS VERY NICE AND HELPFUL
Michaux makes fun of his students, which is hilarious. Pretty cool for a French guy, class ends an hour early most of the time. Teaching is interesting but sometimes unclear...the online homework is better practice for the test (definitely do all the questions to practice). Grades mostly curved to B.
Horrible horrible horrible. Do not take a class with this professor. He makes even the simplest concepts impossible to grasp.
He likes to act like hes a really difficult prof and wants us to fail, but hes joking. He's actually really fair, gives you practice midterms, doesnt waste time during lecture (very concise). He'll make fun of you for saying dumb things, but honestly more professors should do that. He also lectures for an hour, tops (2 hr class) on whats IMPORTANT
I took this class my last semester of college so I didn't care at all. Don't have to go to class. Don't get book waste of money. I went to probably 5 classes. He gives 97% of class above a C. His past year grade breakdowns are in his syllabus but majority of people get Bs. Cool dude, material is just so dry. I recommend him if you have to take it.
862989	Najm	Meshkati	16
The best professor at USC I've ever had. He gives clear explanations for difficult concepts and makes it very easy.  He is well-prepared for the materials and knows what he is talking about. Very smart and yet remains one of the humblest professors at USC. Strongly recommended.
The class is not that hard, but he is not very organized. So, you should definitely take notes in class. There is no study guide, so its basically everything that he ever talked about. But, on the other hand hand he is extremely helpful and friendly. Don't miss classes though, he notices and calls out the next time you are in his class.
Professor Meshkati is the nicest most helpful and most caring professor ever. After only a few weeks in his class I felt like we were already friendly and I only had this seminar twice a day. He is very engaged in his teaching and wants to involve his students and help them in any way possible. Regardless of the class, Dr. Meshkati's passion wins
One of the best professors I've ever had. Cares SO MUCH about his students and is very easy to talk to. Lectures can get boring but that is because he talks very slow. The more you know him personally the more you will enjoy the class.
Meshkati is the best professor you will ever have. Freshman Academy classes usually don't require a lot of work, but in his class you will literally do almost nothing and still learn some interesting things about the world of engineering. Great guy outside of class as well; will go to lunch with you, learn everyone's name, and show genuine interest
great prof. nuff said
Honestly, one of the best professors I've had. He cares so much about his students and is always willing to help. He literally learned everybodys first names within a week (one of my only profs to ever do this) and I can't stress enough how much I really like him as a person and teacher. I learned so much about engineering from him. TAKE HIS CLASS!
extremely helpful and cares about his students. TAKE HIS CLASS
Great professor and great person. Knows what he says.
He knows his field and is well connected. Cares about his students and wants to make a difference in their lives. If you have a chance, you MUST take a class with him.
I had the privilege recently of interviewing Professor Meshkati for an aviation training film for Fly Right Films.  Among the countless interviews I've conducted over the course of my career as a writer, I would rank my interview with Professor Meshkati as the most informative, compelling and stimulating session ever.  John Wedin
:) Nice personality.
Fairly annoying. I would like to take a normal class with him though, to see his teaching skills. Freshmen academy is just a waste of time in general.
Great professor. Makes you want to study ISE. The only reading is articles about engineers and events that can affect you
he cares about his students, know everybody's name, so u better not ditch the class. anyway, the class is interesting, and it's a pass/fail class, so u don't need to worry about ur grade like other class
What's not to love about Prof. Meskati&#63;  Awesome guy, one of the few professors who actually makes the effort to know you by FIRST name, etc.  Take him for engineering academy, not anyone else!
585029	John	Wilson	16
I had no other choice except his GE 4 class. awful experience! Labs are difficult! Graphs are fine, but short answer questions  are confusing. He never lets us know when the weekly quiz is held so we have to frequently review attend boring lectures just in case of it.
Class boring, teacher is really boring. Just show up once in a while for those pop quizzes but nobody pays attention in class anyways. Midterm, group project, final. Labs are mandatory but easy. Tbh don't take this, just pick another easy GE.
Boring class, but not that difficult. I didn't go to class until the midterm and got a B but post-midterm class becomes more mandatory because of pop quizzes. Terrible professor-his accent and his humor are unbearable and he makes an already boring topic more boring.  I would say to avoid this class, but not having to go until mid march makes it ok
tough class disguised as easy. not actually easy. pop essays, ton of memorization, boring, unless you're into water. But still easier than most GE's i guess. it could be a lot worse. take for A. be prepared for boring material and memorizing slides. book not necessary at all
This class is so boring. Boring class, even more boring professor. Make sure you do good on labs because it's a significant part of your grade. Take this class pass/no pass. If you manage to attend all the labs you'll manage to pass but his exams are hard.
Very very easy class, but a little on the boring side. I would say no barely any study needed to get a B+ but to get the A you have to know random stuff about geography which he doesn't teach in class.
I wish one day this abnormal and so called prof will be out of any university. He is inhuman and nasty. I hate this horrible person. horrible class, horrible professor and so hard exams.
I don't know why everyone on here hates this class.  He is a really nice guy, the class is pretty easy, and labs are simple.  It may not be the most interesting subject but overall it's not too bad. I would suggest it if you just need a simple ge that doesn't require 10 hours of studying a week.
easy class, great professor, attendance not required, just make sure to choose a good TA. Mine was a korean man who i coudnt understand at all
Never encountered such a boring professor in my life. The class is an easy B but if you're looking for something more interesting take something else. Attendance is completely not mandatory, nobody ever goes and it's not worth it anyway. Professor means well but he's just painfully boring.
Oh Prof Wilson...how to describe him....not the best professor. He just reads off his slides. He could be an amazing guy, but I don't know. Attendance is completely not mandatory. Just go to the labs and you're all good for a solid B! One Essay. One Midterm. One Final.
The class is really boring and only 1/3 of the class is ever seen unless it is the day of the midterm or of the final.  The midterm was not very hard at all and same with the final.  There is a small paper assignment during the year which is easy.  To get an easy B you dont even have to attend class because he just reads directly off the powerpoint
Have never experienced a more boring, dry, monotonous, painful class in my life.  Possibly the worst professor at USC.
Both professor and class are completely boring.  He seems like a nice guy but is very misleading in how hard the exam will be.  Class is not mandatory, he puts the slides on Blackboard, labs are easy, there is a short term paper due. Go to class and you'll get a B, but if you want to do well be prepared to study the most boring material ever.
He's got a great online supplemental learning solution. It's actually quite professionally done. The teacher does his best to help out troubled students. :)
Professor from hell. Can't even pronounce english correctly. Frustrated by his heavy accent. Material is boring. Wasting student's time by reading slides during class. Quizzes and Exams don't reflect what's taught. Not accessible. Rank the first/ second worst professor in USC. Worst class ever took.
1415511	Iva	Bozovic	16
Easy A but extremely boring lectures. Her powerpoints are just copied and pasted word-for-word from the textbook. Only reason to attend class is for participation points, everything else can be learned from the book. Midterm and final are just definition of terms. There are 2 short case study papers and a debate that go towards your grade too.
Very simple class. 4 papers. She is willing to help during her office hours and the topics and readings are all really interesting. She tends to talk for long periods of time without engaging with students much, but other than that, fair grader, knowledgable, and very personable.
She's an engaging speaker for sure, very energetic about her class, could be provocative for class discussions. Although the materials seem to be overshadowed by lots of discussions/ videos, but I liked her teaching. If you are looking for an easy A and some intro to developing countries, this is the class.
Learned a lot in this class, though not so much in discussion sections. Prof goes through slides quickly, but if you pay attention, you'll learn a lot of useful information. Homeworks, midterm, and final aren't too difficult. Prof tries to help you out and encourages asking questions. Recommend this course!
Do your readings and ask questions if you don't understand, her powerpoints can be a lot at times and hard to follow. Take good notes. She tries to help students with going over material before midterms.
This class is only difficult if you don't pay attention and don't go to class. She goes over every single thing for the exams during her lecture.
Really confusing. She needs more structure to the course. Needs to capture student interest. 90% of your grade in the class is based on the midterm and final. And she grades tough on both. Don't expect a high grade.
Really unclear, grading is very subjective, goes super fast through powerpoints (they are NOT detailed, so attending class is a must). 25% midterm, 30% final, 25% final paper (4000-5000 words long), 20% participation. ~70-100 pgs of reading per class. I would NOT recommend this class. Also, idk what it had to do with economics?
The material in her class is super interesting which is makes her class disappointing because she doesn't clearly explain things and less then clear on what is expected. She speaks super fast and her PowerPoints are detailed. Hard grader too.
This class is awful.  Really unclear, has nothing to do with economics. AVOID!!!
she is a great professor. is passionate about subject and explains material and concepts well. she is approachable and willing to help. class can be easy if you pay attention in class. powerpoint slides, 4 short/easy case studies,  and lots of readings that you have to stay on top of because she likes to reference them and check if youre reading.
She is a great professor. I would greatly recommend this class with her. She's very knowledgeable, very approachable, and friendly. She makes it a very comfortable setting in class! Awesome!
Very passionate and knowledgeable about the subject. Explains harder concepts in detail. Goes over the majority of the assigned readings in lecture--but definitely read it by yourself before lecture so you can contribute to the discussion and cite the authors for exams. A careful grader and gives lots of comments-- great professor!
Knows her stuff, very passionate about the subject.  Also nice and approachable.
GREAT Professor!  She is passionate about the material she teaches (economic development of the 3rd world) and loves to talk about it outside of class.  The reading amount/difficulty is comparable to any serious IR class at USC and it is necessary to do the reading. She grades essays pretty hard so put some effort into them.

34529	Thomas	Habinek	16
Habinek is a wonderful professor with immense command of Latin. He is willing to help you through any trouble you may be having and he recognizes the differences in individuals' language abilities. Go to class as you will get to know him better. He is rooting for you to succeed.
Habinek is a great teacher if you like to give your own direction to papers and don't mind your grade only based on a couple assessments. No busy work. His lectures are interesting but can seem disjointed. Don't take this class if you want clear directions and are scared of being shot down in discussion.
Habinek is an excellent prof. He is understanding and loves to help students or just talk with you. His lectures can go over your head if you don't pay attention, but it's nothing too hard. You have to read for this class, but it's doable. I would highly recommend him!!!
This course provides opportunity for really profound, insightful thought and Prof. Habinek does a great job explaining this. Some ideas are a little abstract, but he definitely knows what he is talking about and is a really really nice guy to talk to.
He is a nice guy and the class is not that hard but he goes off course in his lectures and they are very hard to keep up with and take notes on. The material is interesting but depicting what is important is hard to understand.
One of the very best professors I've encountered. It's been several years since I graduated, but I still remember taking his class - one of the highlights of my (academic) time at USC. Brilliant, likeable, open-minded and just really stimulating.
This was such an interesting class because Habinek related the ancient Greek myths to current civilizations. If you do the readings (well not even all of them) and go to class (very helpful) then the midterm/papers are a piece of cake. TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HABINEK! Its great!
Keep focus in class, he operates on a single train of thought. A single distraction will throw you off track for the whole lecture. Read, read, read. There is a lot to enjoy the class and he lets you speak your mind in your essays. Highly recommended.
He's very smart, articulate and confident.  Plus, he sets high expectations.  I loved the class.
Although he's intelligent, his voice is annoying. Plus Tom has an ego that irks some students.
His courses are always very thought provoking. He's funny, dynamic, and knows everything.
No Comments
He's really enthusiastic about teaching students to *think*, which is very cool.
No Comments
He seems to like to talk about bi-sexualism in his topics and readings
Prof is knowledgeable in his class topics.
380242	Charles	Paus	16
Excellent professor and a good guy overall. Pleasant demeanor and makes it enjoyable to be in his class. Definitely recommend him for any Spanish class
Take him!! Taking the class pass/fail and still getting an A with little effort. He makes things as simple as can be and isn't too strict with grading on tests/portfolios. Attendance is mandatory (along with all other Spanish classes) but he makes it fun entertaining
Paus is a great teacher and knows what he's doing. He has a lot of experience in Spanish and has his unique way of teaching things. Not only that, but he makes the class fun with his dashing looks and attractive choice of clothing!
Professor Paus makes spanish III as bearable as it can be. He is funny and explains the material very well. The tests and projects are easy too with a little bit of studying.
Hated Spanish until I took his class. Is extremely funny and loveable. I looked forward coming to his class (who would have thought since it's 2 hours?) He will let you out early though if the whole class votes not to take a "smoking break." Make material easy to understand.
He's a funny and likable guy who gave the class a very friendly atmosphere. He is pretty easygoing about grading, as well. He's a great, helpful, approachable teacher and I strongly recommend taking him for Spanish III.
It is considered Spanish III, and therefore he does expect you to have prior Spanish knowledge, so you cannot go in completely unaware. However, with that in mind, this class is fairly simple, and Paus tries to help you as much as possible along the way. He can be frustrating at times, but in the end it seems he's out for your best interest.
Paus is awesome. Gayle the spanish department head is incredibly strict and tries to make the class as difficult as possible. Paus realizes that most of his students are taking his class because it is a degree requirement and dont take it very seriously like a major course. So he is easy on grading and will pretty much pass you as long as you TRY
Awesome teacher! He is real chill :) Very down to earth. So glad I had him as my spanish professor.
Professor Paus was a really great teacher! Although it was a lot of work, I think it paid off in end. Plus, his looks helped a lot during class ;) Whenever he spoke in Russian, everybody in class swooned. TAKE HIS CLASS! YOU WON'T REGRET IT ;) &lt;3
Great teacher!
he is not willing to help, only explains things in one way
At first Paus seemed cool, but hes lazy and a not nice when it comes to grades.  He is also really annoying!  The Spanish department at USC is terrible.
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
900275	John	Bowlt	16
Changed my life. LOVE the Russian Avant-Garde. Love the Silver Age. Love John Bowlt!!
Amazing professor. Just attend lectures and take down info about every painting. Tests are easy as long as you do the memorization. Super helpful and adorable as well. 
Bowlt is the man.  The class can be a bit slow at times but Bowlt's always friendly and funny.  Weekly short papers that don't take too long and a final 15 page essay, but lots of freedom in what you write about.  If you pay attention and show that you care about and enjoy the class, you'll have a great time and do well! 
Prof Bowlt is the sweetest old man, and he's a great professor. I really like art history, so his class was interesting, but I can see why it would be boring for some - his lectures tend to be just him talking about paintings for 1.5 hours. One page essays every week, and you have to do a presentation. Midterm fairly easy. 15 pg final paper.
I took this class pass/fail. Didn't really attend after the first month. Didn't present in class. Ended up stressing a lot for the two quizzes offered during the semester. To get the correct analysis, going to class is mandatory, in my opinion. There's also a 15 page paper which is due at the end. I did end up getting an A (?) in the end though.
The funniest scholar you'll ever come across. Wit is his middle name. Compassion is his first. If you take this class, you will never forget it. It will completely change the way you see things.
I had no prior knowledge in art history and wasn't my first choice for a T.O. class but Prof. Bowlt made everything worth it. I looked forward to every class and genuinely enjoyed each lecture he gave. It's a moderately demanding class but he's such an awesome guy! If I could I'd take this class again.
He is truly a wonderful professor and person. I have enjoyed his class thus far and I would recommend it to anyone.
Funny and interesting lecturer. An important figure in the Russian art field and is very knowledgeable on the subject. Pretty easy on grading. Class is a good introduction to art history for people who've never taken a class in it before.
The tests were awful, and most of the students in my class that I spoke to ended up getting b's and c's in the class. On top of that, he actually humiliated one girl in front of the whole class. I would never recommend him to anyone.
Possibly the most engaging class I've ever taken. Loved every lecture, exams weren't too bad, and his personal and historical tangents were the opposite of annoying. Take him for anything you can!
I absolutely adore him! He is the cutest little man and is the most eccentric professor I have ever had, but in the best way possible. I never had an interest in art, let alone Russian art, but after reading his reviews I decided to take the class. Best decision! He is engaging and keeps lectures interesting with random odd facts about the artists!
Bowlt is every bit as amazing as everyone says. He makes Art History digestible and enjoyable (: As proof of his popularity...there's a facebook group dedicated to him.
I love this guy!!! Modern Russian Art (a class that I was sure I would find incredibly boring) was nearly the highlight of my schedule. Everybody should take this GE!
Bowlt is the funniest, nicest guy ever! He'll make the topic of Russian art, which let's admit it doesn't really interest that many people, very interesting. You'll definitely do well if you can memorize names of artists and dates and connect them to the images, as well as regurgitate a few facts...which is basically how the the tests work.
Bowlt is a terrific professor.  Modern Russian Art was definitely the most interesting GE class I ever took (and I'm an engineering major).  There are many awesome stories (The story on how Catherine the Great dies is very stunning) and it is absolutely worth waking up early in the morning for this class.  Reading is light (just 2 books to buy)
1361648	Takahiro	Sakai	16
Always there to help. Willing to listen to students. Makes hw's less horrible so that students can finish it fast while understanding material. Just simply awesome. You will become matlab master once you've finished the course. 
I LOVE SAKAI. Favorite professor at USC so far. He is funny, super nice, helpful, as well as adorable with his daily plaid outfits (yes, he wears plaid every day...it's endearing ok). He made math 245 incredibly interesting and comprehensible. 11/10 would recommend!!! So sad that this will be my last math class required for my major!
Tak is a very good professor and a funny, approachable guy all around. He has a pretty thick Japanese accent but he's actually very easy to understand. Explains concepts very clearly and the tests are pretty much exactly like the homework. 10/10
Amazing, amazing, amazing. Very straightforward, lots of examples, realistic workload. High averages on exams, extremely nice and obviously intelligent. Definitely a great class for engineers who don't want to worry about the proofs and math fluff.
I wasn't even in his class, but attended his lectures instead of Qingtao Chen's. He knew I was there, even let me take his tests (not graded), very helpful, very clear, and he at least tries to make a connection with his students. He does have a pretty typical Japanese Accent, but you get used to it. DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED!
I wish I can take him 245. He is the best math teacher at USC that I know so far. GET HIM
He is the man. Looking forward to taking 225 with him next semester.
Awesome teacher. Read these reviews at the v=beginning of the semester when I was registering for classes, and they're all true. He's hilarious, great at explaining everything, and easy to follow. His lectures come straight from the book. Dresses well, too.
Hands down best math teacher at USC. He makes everything seem very simple and goes through all sections very systematically. Does a lot of examples and is very easy to follow.
Great professor. Very organized and clear in presenting material in class. Tests are straightforward, mostly similar to homework, some to class examples. Only drawback is the final is 50% of your grade.
Straightforward--do the homework, go to class, and you'll be fine.
This guy is hilarious, and makes some of the most boring things seem interesting. His teaching style is very informative and easy to follow, although the midterms are not easy. The real question is: Great Teacher, or Greatest Teacher&#63;
get him if you can!
great professor, crystal clear on material. exams are fair - he wants you to do well, he's not gonna try to screw you over
Wow, I wish Tak would teach more math classes. He will go over topics until you understand them and uses a systematic method of approaching each chapter. Take him if you can!
Professor Sakai is a humorous, fair, and effective math teacher who I recommend. His tests were just right in terms of difficulty. I heard horror stories about another MATH-126 professor so I'd definitely go with Sakai.
450838	Art	Bartner	16
The greatest marching band director in the history of the universe, except, maybe for Sousa, but only because I play sax. I wasn't a music major. But, Art taught me SO much, I've consulted with band directors to help students achieve their best. My favorite quote? "Eh, band! Trumpets!!! mariachis? There are NO mariachis in Stars and Stripes!" 
Truly inspiring teacher. A man I aspire to be.
Truly inspiring teacher. A dream man.
Legendary!
Great man. Ehhhhh. Complains about his wife a lot.
Total jerk to his students. Sometimes late to class, shows disregard to sympathy. Will punish students for slight mistakes made, and putting them on the spot in front of class. Goes out of his way to make sure that students are miserable. RECOMMENDED
No Comments
TGMBITHOTU is there b/c of him....give the man some respect
No Comments
al goldstein is a real jerk.  on the other hand, it's funny watching him up on that podium, especially when he gets mad.
quit your whining!  he may be crazy, but he made the program kick-ass.
We LOVE Dr. B.! He can be a jerk, but it was great working under him.
Awful guy!  No one likes him.  He was sentenced to anger managment classes my sophmoore year.  I quit marching band because of him.
No Comments
Booyaa!  Al Goldstein is the best professor I've ever had!  FTFO!
The most egotistial megalomaniac on the planet.  The guy EVERYONE loves to hate. Be around him for 5 minutes and his trademark &quot;ehhhhh&quot; grunt will haunt you for the rest of your life.  Fight On!
61229	Gideon	Yaffe	16
Awesome class! This class actually doubld as my GE and my major so that was great. Yaffe's an awesome professor, powerpoints were very clear. 2 tests and 2 papers, grade depends on TA, they do all the grading, but if you study hard and put effort into the paper it's very possible to get a good grade. Take Yaffe's class, you won't regret it!
Yaffe's class is AMAZING! His power points and lectures are crystal clear! He makes even the most complicated concepts easy to understand. There are 2 papers, and 2 tests (short answer and essay questions), so be prepared to understand the concepts and explain them well. Your grade really depends on your TA because they do all the grading.
Extremely clear powerpoints/lectures. Yaffe is an excellent, interesting professor to listen to. As for the grading, tests and papers are graded fairly hard by TAs. TAs like you to be able to spit out definitions verbatim and copy ideas exactly as presented in lecture. There is no room for your opinion or interpretations.
Best Class I've ever taken in College, and I'm not even a Philosophy major. Extremely clear lectures and slides. I skipped a few classes and could understand everything from the slides.  Concepts are a bit of a 'mind-fuc*) but well worth it.  Professor is the best I've had. Take this class, you won't regret it. Also, papers/tests are easy!
One of the best professors I've encountered at SC. Has an extraordinary ability to explain things very logically. This class can be mentally challenging, but as long as you are interested in the subject matter and attend class, you are guaranteed to not only succeed in the class but also learn some really interesting stuff
Great lecturer, good personality and sense of humor. Always tries to make everything clear for the students.
He is an ok lecturer but his TA's are the ones who grade your papers. No need to read the reading assignments because the lecture notes are posted. However, the TA's are told to grade REALLY heard and only the top 10% of the class gets A's.  If you don't want to work your ass off, don't take this.
Excellent teacher. He's enthusiastic tries his best to make the material interesting and relevant, and his slides are very clear. I definitely recommend the class.
Prof Yaffe is really cool. He tries to explain things as best he can and he is all about being helpful. Even if the content of the course is not exactly exciting, he makes it interesting by the way he lectures.
He wasn't my favorite but I thought he did a pretty good job...he was clear and helpful during office hours and seemed like a pretty nice guy.
The only reason why I considered doing a Philosophy minor.  I loved his examples and ways of explaining things.  One of the best professors at SC!
DON'T BOTHER.  His paper assignments are unclear and his grading is unfair.  The class was awful.
Amazing class from one of the best profs at USC and definitely the best in the philosophy dept.  If you're not a philosophy major, you don't know what you are talking about, b/c he's probably the best in the dept.
No Comments
Professor Yaffe was my only motivation for staying in Philosophy 262...I didnt exacly love the material, but he is SUCH a great person, you just want to stay and try to absorb as much as you can from him...He tries to explain in very possible way.
Gideon rules...you must take his classes.
445437	Zlatan	Damnjanovic	16
The description for this class was not accurate of the material taught. It focused primarily on a history of astronomy rather than philosophy, religion, and science. Lectures were difficult to follow, felt very long, and were often repetitive. This class would be very difficult to get a good grade in without the help of the TAs. 
He is a very nice guy, and obviously knows what he's talking about, but he's a bad lecturer. His lectures tend to go off-topic, often lack any coherent structure, and present topics in a boring way. This makes it difficult to take notes that make sense. Lecture is not necessary to pass if you read some of the books and go to discussion sections.
Good professor. Really.
In class, Professor Damnjanovic is painfully boring and unclear. By the end of the semester, most students in our class had stopped going all together. The class itself is made up of 3 essays and he is of little help writing them. On my final essay I emailed him for help and he responded "I am out of the country now, sorry". Avoid this professor
Professor Damnjanovic is probably the best one I had this semester. He's likable, friendly, not too demanding and his lectures have a kind of fluidity that really makes a philosophy class worth taking. He's also really understanding so even if you're a freshman with no background n philosophy, you'll be fine in this class.
I took this course because it was the only one that fit my schedule.  And it was a nightmare the entire semester.  Lectures were boring and incoherent. Goes off on tangents.  My saving grace in this course was an amazing TA and previous writing ability.  If you take this course, prepare for tons of reading the night before the three papers are due.
Really nice guy. Passionate about philosophy. If you know the logic and how to write decent philosophy papers, the class is an easy A. However, lectures are kinda boring at times. Good class in general!
He was a very interesting professor. Classes might be confusing at times, but it is philosophy that we are talking about. The professor is passionate in his teachings but he could improve on interacting with the students.
Nice guy, and his sense of humor is very quirky. He often repeats simple concepts but rushes through difficult ones. Willing to help in office hours, though.
Never have to go to class, he assigns readings but you're crazy if you do them. Literally the whole class is three papers, he doesn't know anyones name. Most classes he just rambles about math or astronomy and it isn't very interesting. Easy A if you are a decent writer and go to class sometimes. Also even if it says the class is full he'll add you
You can tell that he knows what he's talking about but he is among the worst professors I have ever had.  He is clueless when it comes to communicating with students. Very scattered and useless when it comes to helping students.
This guy was great. Confusing at times but hilarious and a lot of fun. Easy class, just take notes. Three papers and you're done.
This professor is clueless. He is obviously extremely book-smart, but has no social or teaching skills, making his class extremely boring and meaningless. I do NOT recommend taking this instructor.
No Comments
If you are good at Math and good at taking notes/going to class this class is a cakewalk.  If not, it can really be a ****.
He teaches a course on Philosophy and the Mind, and the class is structured so that you write two at home papers and a short answer final exam. It's a great introduction to Philosophy, and D is the most lenient and friendliest professor I've had.
1167371	John	Monterosso	16
You will walk in thinking the class is so easy, then you'll take your first test and get a 70% - don't worry, everyone did equally bad so the tests are curved. Discussion section is literally just to boost your grade, just show up and you'll get 100%. the paper - they are instructed to give 90% of the class above a 90% - so you're guaranteed an A. 
Class was okay. Professor was amazing.
This class was everything I expected it to be! Best GE I've taken and Dr. M makes lectures really interesting. He makes it clear class is NOT mandatory and I still went to every one. Lab for the course is super easy and a lot of fun as well. I looked forward to it. Just study hard for exams, put some effort into the paper, and do the extra credit!
It is a very easy class. He makes it pretty interesting and helpful. Great for a GE
Monterosso is a great professor and this class is definitely worth taking. He posts a study aid before every exam that basically tells you everything you need to know. He also offers a fair amount of extra credit. Show up to lab section and do the readings and you will be fine. The material is also really interesting.
Science of Happiness is possibly the best course I have taken at USC. It is really easy as a psychology major, but the material is very interesting and Monterosso is an engaging lecturer. 
Worst class I took at USC. From all the reviews I thought it would be an easy A but he has changed his rules. ATTENDANCE AND PAYING ATTENTION IS A MUST.. you cant miss a single class?! Also, the lab is mandatory and there  is a confusing paper due that he tells everyone you will get a high grade on it but you dont. LOTS OF READING, HARD TESTS!
I really enjoyed his Science of Happiness class. Definitely one of the better GEs I took. Monterosso is a really cool guy and his lectures are pretty interesting. The labs are super easy and aren't every week. I would definitely recommend this class.
This was a GE4 class. Monterosso allowed you to miss four of the 8 am classes and took attendance at most of them. He wasn't the most interesting professor at 8 am, but he was always willing to help. He gave us study guides for each of the easy mid-terms. If you read and take notes, easy A.
Best glass to take for GE 4, besides to other class he teaches about happiness which is almost impossible to grab a spot in. Interesting class. Extremely easy if you do the reading and study. One of my favorites so far. Make material easy to understand. You can even miss a couple of classes and still get an A.
I had been trying to get this class for my category 4 for several years, and I'm glad I held off on the category to so I could take it. The material is so interesting and well conveyed that I do not mind getting up for it before 8am. Tests require effort and reading, but they are graded incredibly fairly.
This class is known to be an easy A class. I would say that this is not true. It's certainly not that easy to get the A. The grading is fair, and tests are curved if they need to be, but in order to do well on the tests, you need to read EVERYTHING. This IS a reading intensive course. Don't take it unless you like reading a lot about experiments.
Ok class, science of happiness 201 is really only psychology 101 but the reading was fairly interesting. Lectures were more or less the textbooks verbatim and pretty dull, but he's a nice enough guy. Lots of opportunities for extra credit for a deceptively difficult class.
Out of the choices for all the GEs I could've taken in this Cat, I probably chose the best. The material itself was pretty easy, but Monterosso was kind of dry. He was still way better than the teacher who taught with him though...
I took him for 201 and the class was not at all what I expected. It is really uninteresting and tedious, and to do well on the tests you have to be on your game every lecture. If you are looking for an easy class look elsewhere my friends took earthquakes and said it was easy. I wish i had taken that too.
The class seems more interesting than it really is.  However, In comparison to the other options in this category, I'd say its probably one of the best ones you could take.  Its relatively easy work load.  If you want a really good grade, you need to attend lecture, the tests are specific to lecture.
1568568	Joshua	Garroway	16
He is a really great professor. He makes all of the lectures interesting and he alway ties Jewish History into pop culture and he can be pretty funny. He is really easy to like and respect and if you go to class and pay attention (which isn't hard) you'll do pretty well in the class. I would definitely recommend this class and professor.
I highly recommend taking JS100. Professor Garroway is incredibly knowledgeable about Jewish History, funny & passionate about teaching his students. Lectures not mandatory, but the midterm & final are on lecture notes. It's a lot of information, but it's interesting, important to know & totally doable. 1 midterm, 2 two-page essays, and 1 final. 
Professor Garroway is one of the smartest people I've ever met. He is incredibly knowledgeable and passionate about the subject, and that is clear in his lectures. Attending lectures is highly suggested, even though he posts notes since he elaborates on them a lot in class. The assignments were really simply and midterm/final were straightforward.
Professor Garroway was a not bad professor. Funny at times, but tests are a case of memorization rather than taking in the information. Not always clear of the events that were taking place in Jewish History, easy class to zone in and out of. Not the worst GE class out there
He's awesome. He doesn't take attendance at lectures but I wanted to go anyway because he's so entertaining. He can be tactless at times but overall he's funny and very helpful. He tries to make sure that everyone passes.
Great professor, but the class wasn't too interesting for me. The papers are easy, you get 4 prompts throughout the semester and you need to write on 2 of them. Midterm and final are both very easy if you cram and he gives you essay prompts. Lots of reading in section, which is mandatory but you can get away with not reading. Lectures are optional.
Incredible professor. He makes learning easy and the lectures are really fun to go to. This was easily one of my favorite classes. I learned a lot.
Pretty nice GE. Not too stressful - 2 double spaces papers ( 2/3 pages only ), straight forward exams . If you attend lecture then reading the textbook is not really necessary.
amazing professor! this guy is a genius and lecture is never dull! i'm not jewish & have no prior knowledge; if you have to take a GE 1, take this for sure!! theres 4 essays, BUT you only have to complete TWO! one midterm, one final, low stress class!
AMAZING CLASS. He's wonderfully brilliant and hilarious. Take any class he teaches!
BEST PROF EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BEST PROFESSOR IN THE WHOLE WORLD!! Super interesting and makes you want to go to class. Just take this class and enjoy.
A really nice guy, very interested in the material and he manages to get you interested too. And if you are serious about improving your writing, he is eager to help you. Wants his students to succeed.
Excellent course with Garroway!  He is extremely engaging and the coursework is not difficult.  If you attend lecture and put in a little effort, it is not hard to get an A
Hands down the best professor I've ever had at USC. His lectures are extremely useful and engaging. The tests are not that hard. If you go to class and take decent notes, you'll be fine. He asks for a very specific writing style, and if you follow his guidelines, you'll be fine in terms of papers. Great teacher!
A great, affable guy, but is no easy A.  He says he wants to remain neutral to grade inflation, so B's are the norm.  Took for ARLT 100 (GE V) Biblical Protagonists in Ancient Lens.  He grades like a WRIT 140 teacher and (genuinely, though harshly) wants us to be better writers.    This would be a good P/F course (and I regret not doing so).
57094	Nicholas	Warner	16
Absolutely fantastic. Took physics with another professor and hated it so much I dropped. Warner makes you want to learn about physics, and is incredibly adept at teaching it. If you have to take physics absolutely take it with him. 
Everyone always says that Astronomy for non-majors is easy but this is not. Super hard class, hw and lab helps you stay afloat and the curve helps but it requires a ton of studying just to get a B. Take it Pass/NP I wish I did... And go to class ready to pay attention. I took it at the end of a 6 hour block and missed so much
Professor Warner is easily one of the best professors I've had at USC. Extremely helpful, clear, and a very nice guy. He really loves what he's teaching and it shows. He keeps the class interesting with awesome visual examples. NOT an easy class by any means, you will need to really study and put in work to get a good grade, do that & you're good!
His Astronomy 100 class is awesome!
Super nice, enthusiastic guy who can take any question you throw at him. Also, he made Harry Potter references--WIN. Tries to cover way too much material thus very easy to fall behind. Practice tests will somewhat save you on midterms & labs are pretty easy. Textbook very helpful on homework. Had trouble paying attention though so final was painful
This was one of my favorite classes I've taken at USC. The professor is one of the best teachers I've had. He explains things very well in an enthusiastic and sometimes humorous way. This could be a tough class if science is not your thing, but the prof. makes it worth it. Just do the HW and ask questions on it and you'll be fine.
Extremely interesting way of teaching. If you are already interested in Astronomy this is perfect, if not, he still makes it fun. Basically if you put effort and study, this class is very do-able since he is an amazing teacher. Always looks out for students and clarifies any questions. His enthusiasm really bounces off to you.
If you are an intelligent human being you should find this class intellectually stimulating and you will have a great time in it. Warner is my favorite professor at SC so far. He explains everything very clearly. He also has an awesome british accent which livens things at times. There are several in class demonstrations and some of them blow up.
Hard but interesting. The professor is absolutely amazing- he explains VERY difficult things in simple ways. He is very aware of his students and makes sure they understand. Homework is difficult but most answers are in the lecture notes (if not use wikipedia..). I haven't used the textbook once.
HARDEST CLASS I HAVE EVER TAKEN. Warner is a great man/prof - absolute genius and really funny, but he is NOT worth the pain this class causes you. Literally my worst nightmare. I only did fine because I took it P/NP - and still had to study my butt off!! Barely passed. Avoid this class if you can! There are MUCH easier GE's (cat 3) out there!!
HARD class alot of busy work and professor crams alot of info into HW and exams. Class avg on 120 MC final was 58%! He is passionate, but with all the info and additional work kills any interest a student may have in class. Take another class, HARD GE. Take P/NP for sure.
3 MT, 4 HW, 1 120MC final. ALOT OF WORK! Lowest MT and HW get dropped. Tests are difficult class avg 60%! If you take do P/NP you will die. I did well bc I worked my butt off. Nice guy, but extremely difficult class. AVOID if possible. HARD GE.
very smart guy, lectures are interesting and he looks out for students. he makes sure everyone understands. he is very energetic and his exams aren't too hard, he gives sample exams which help A LOT.
Genius of a guy.  He'll help you out if there's something you're not getting.  His class moves pretty fast and you'll take lots of notes, but the labs are easy and he's always available during office hours to answer questions.  His in class experiments are wicked, especially when he sits on a skateboard and uses a fire extinguisher to propell him across the parking lot.  He studied under Hawking at Cambridge.
No Comments
He is very smart and loves to help students...especially with homework
655292	Elaine	Kaplan	16
Is she the most clear and organized professor?No but I really enjoyed this class. It was super chill. Not too hard. She played music in the morning. Did not have strict attendance policies. I would take her again.
This is the second time I have ever made the effort to leave a comment about a professor, so let me tell you: TAKE ALL HER CLASSES! Those who complain about her are ones who want everything handed to them like the grade A. You just need to put the minimal effort to do well in her classes. She is extremely nice and helpful if you go to office hours.
I am not quick to give a professor a bad review but this class deserved it. Her lectures weren't clear, neither was she. Her lectures also weren't near what she asked on the exams, which was confusing. I also found her to be rude to people's own comments/views and unhelpful. Not worth it!
Lectures are horrible. Worst class ever in USC. Always went beyond the class period and didn't allow students to leave on time. A lot of work, many readings. A is 96%. Full of EXTREME opinions about social issues. Didn't learn a lot. Not recommend the prof.
She is a okay teacher. Her midterms arent very hard. There are 3 response papers which take under an hour to write. There is one essay (8 - 10 pages) which is slightly tough. She gives alot of opportunities for extra credit. Make sure to offer to read the powerpoint for extra credit. Her lectures are almost all common sense. She is nice and caring.
Where do I begin&#63; Well, she's clearly a liberal and won't accept any other belief. She doesn't value what others have to say. She doesn't stick to the syllabus and gets mad at us for not knowing something that she told us we didn't have to do. And her study guides are a joke. Oh, and she doesn't know correct grammar or spelling to save her life.
Class is not difficult. Just keep to her PowerPoints and required reading materials. Her tests are not hard in that she doesn't test what's not mentioned in the study guide, but the multiple choice section is where most people get most points deducted. TAs grade everything.
She was a terrible terrible professor. Huge waste of time and energy. Her lectures sound like they came off the top of her head and she will ALWAYS have something to say after you make a comment in class. Avoid taking her class at all costs!
Inconsistent teaching style, often irrelevant, contradicting, abrupt, and shuts down students whom actually want to give genuine input.
Hated this professor. Her lectures were terrible and she did not like it when you made comments that were in opposition to her own political views.
You can tell that Kaplan's used to teaching really high level small-group intensive classes. I think that she would be really good in an upper division setting, but in a GE class, she really just doesn't care about the students.
She might be the worst professor Ive ever had.  She is extreemly liberal and makes very weak arguments in class.  I am very angry that I had to put her all semester
Very liberal, not too much work
The class is relatively easy because she gives take home quizzes and simple response papers. But I found her lectures extremely boring, so it's a bit hard to become interested in the subjects given her rather dry teaching style.
The exams and assignments are pretty easy. Class, however, is extremely boring and she fails to explain even the simplest concepts to anyones satisfaction. Worst professor I've had so far.
Shes an easy teacher that writes lecture notes for you and likes to include movies in the lecture. She doesnt answer questions very well and gets annoyed when you open your binder rings so beware!!
1567237	Doug	Tompos	16
Doug boils acting down to something that is not fancy or formulaic, but derives right from the heart. He has inspired me so much and I've seen significant results in my screen work since taking this class. He has changed the way I view this art. Don't take this class if you aren't willing to commit to it 100%! Best teacher in the school
Most motivational teacher I've had in the USC SDA. Always ready to help. Willing to push you, not just pretend you're instantly talented. Down to earth and very real. Couldn't have asked for a better professor.
Doug is the best acting teacher I have ever had. He inspires you and helps you do the work you are capable of. You don't need any fancy "acting tricks," just yourself and the story. I would have dropped out of the theater school if it weren't for him.
Literally changed my life. I had no idea what "acting" truly was until I took his class. Now I know exactly what my job as an actor is and how to do it. He teaches you the kind of acting that you need for film (and theater) and gets you self-sufficient so that you can sustain a long career out of it. And he makes you LOVE it!
He will push and push you until you GET it, but this is extremely beneficial both for aspiring actors and more philosophical minds who want to analyze theatre from the outside. Best acting professor at USC - take his class!
At first, you will be confused. Work through it and it will become clear. He pushes you and is not easy, but you will learn a lot and see acting very differently.
Doug was the best acting teacher I have had to date. He puts you in a safe environment which allows you to grow and learn about yourself as an actor. If you stay the course with him you will almost assuredly become a better actor.
If you are serious about acting, then this is the guy for you. If you're not, then maybe this teacher will help you recognize that. Yes, I would say that I was weeded out by this class, but I don't regret taking it. He's a very caring teacher who wants to help his students grow, and he will definitely show you new perspectives. So give him a shot.
I would highly suggest anyone to take his class. Absolutely fabulous teacher. He is hard on you and expects you to work your butt off, but is extremely kind and always gives constructive criticism. You must be prepared for class. If you get in a class with a lot of people, it does move slow, but when you do get up to work, it's so helpful.
Doug is an excellent teacher and mentor!! EXCELLENT! He is very passionate about theater and provides you with the tools and knowledge to approach scene work individually and with partners! He is one of the best teachers I've had at USC! Be ready to put in the work and don't miss class! He will help you grow as an actor!
Doug was an amazing teacher for my intro to acting course. I learned so much and felt that even in just 15 weeks my thoughts and knowledge about acting evolved and changed and that I truly grew as an actor. He's tough on you and does tend to talk a lot, but in the end I found the class extremely beneficial.
I wasn't a big fan of Doug at first, however his class was really helpful. Can be extremely boring at times, but I think I improved a lot from him.
Having Tompos for an entire year was definitely the way to go. At the end of a semester with him I was very unsure of myself/acting but the second semester with him really helped me grow. I think this is because his class moves so slowly, so it is hard to have him for only a semester.
He's an absolutely amazing teacher - I recommend ANYONE who is remotely interested in furthering their acting craft (Theatre Major or otherwise) to take his class. He is kind, helpful and he definitely knows what he's talking about. Great teacher, all around.
It took me until the midterm to really start liking him, but wow, he really knows what he's talking about. Very intelligent, stern but kind, encouraging, even funny sometimes. I would recommend him to anyone who wants to further their craft.
Very good acting professor. Knows his stuff. A little slow at times, but for a good reason. Chose appropriate scenes that would stretch everyone's acting abilities.
421821	Cecil	Jackson	15
This class is really self taught. You don't need to go to lecture- but sometimes it helps. The people who do the most practice problems get A's. 
While Jackson is a great professor, this class was horrible. Because his exams were too easy, everyone did about the same in the class grade wise. This meant that because of the Marshall curve, most people ended up with the average grade (B+). So even though it's an easy class, it's hard to do well. Would not recommend.
One midterm, one group paper, one final.  The class is almost entirely memorization, but if you take the time to go to lecture and pay attention, very minimal studying is required.  Jackson really drills the information that he finds important in--literally repeating it over and over.  Midterm is super straight forward, final was a little harder
Charismatic, clear, and classy teacher. The first test will be easy and trick you that you are going to be fine in the class. But the course gets more difficult and the tests get harder. The final was extremely tricky, since the material was briefly covered prior to the exam. Group projects don't really help with boosting grades.
He is the best accounting professor in USC! Interesting lectures, mild loads of HW (afterall it's accounting!!). Tests consist of MCs and PBs. They are mostly straight out of lectures and HWs. Graded fairly. He doesn't check attendance, but randomly check HWs every class so you can't miss classes. What more can I say, take his classes if available!
The homework is easy and his lectures are clear.  What makes his class difficult is that his tests have way more problems than you can finish in the allotted time.
Had him for online 250b (managerial accounting). He is the best accounting professor I've had. Extremely organized and clear in his explanations/lectures. If you can do all of the problems he assigns, you will do more than fine on the tests.
Professor Jackson is wonderful. He doesn't waste your time and goes over all the material that is on the exams very well. If you are interested in learning about Accounting and want to ACTUALLY understand it.. TAKE HIM. Also, it is better for you to read before attending class-makes it much easier.
Good Guy.  Tests are definitely fair- only tests on material he talks about in class, besides a couple multiple choice where you may have needed the book.  Pretty relaxed professor, with a hilarious accent! There's no surprises when you take Cecil. He also respects your time and lets you out early most of the time-- doesn't drag it out!
Cost accounting was definitely not of any interest to me. Because of this, I thought this class would be difficult but Jackson explained each topic VERY well! He tells you exactly what to expect on the quizzes, midterms, and final. He's pretty funny and has an epic accent!
Really nice guy, course content is pretty easy, not that much work to do.
Probably the most pompous professor I've ever had.  He didn't like you unless you kissed up and talked about the Lakers with him.  Avoid at all costs.
No Comments
Kinda tough, but good.
Loves sports
570099	Leslie	Porter	15
Porter is extremely hardworking, but in return, he expects nothing less from his students. So be ready to work HARD. Pick a good partner for your projects because heshe will save you on multiple occasions. Do all the practice problems. Go to office hours. Pay attention in lecture or watch the video lectures. Work hard, and you will be rewarded.
In my fourth year now at USC, and he ranks as one of my worst professors. I know a lot of my friends said they like him, but I entirely disagree with them. I am the type of student that is very responsive to the energy that the professor gives off. His energy is terrible and I would rather avoid his class.
I truly respect this professor. He knows his material and is very helpful. Although I didn't do well in his class, I just felt that he really tried. I didn't get this class, it was confusing. I loathed coming to class, I didn't even know how to study for the final or midterm. But because this class is mandatory, go see him. Hes helpful!
Very helpful and nice professor! First and foremost, let me clarify. For Prof Porter's class, its either you get it or you don't. All the materials are out there for you to be successful. So be attentive from day 1. I love his jokes and find his class very entertaining!
Either you get in the class or do don't no matter how much you study. Studying doesn't help in the class.
Makes fun of students for every question asked. Gets defensive whenever he's challenged. Can't relate to students. Doesn't teach, just shows examples and expects you to figure out the methods on your own. Class is unavoidable but Porter is an absolute nightmare.
He has a weird sense of humor. He is a lot more engaging when talking about the b class vs. the a class. I found him helpful at times but beware, because he can make fun of you if you ask something stupid.
Best professor I've ever had at SC. Extremly helpful, super smart, and funny.
I thought this professor went way too quickly and no one asked questions because you couldn't comprehend him enough to ask a question.  All the examples he gives are really easy and then the quiz and final are much harder.  It's a required class so nothing you can do but make sure to get a good group and study a lot
I took Prof. Porter for both ACCT 370 classes. He is extremely helpful and very responsive. Keep up with the work and make sure you stick with a good group. He gives lots of group projects. Some projects are easy other require more meetings. Overall a good professor.
Professor Porter is always available to help his students. He is quick to respond e-mails and he grades fairly. There are a lot of team projects, which consume a lot of time.
Ive gotten A's in both Accounting 1 and Accounting 2, but this teacher was not clear. He will mess up problems in class, later corrected by students. Sometimes you'll have taken down wrong answers from the board. His quizes are the worst, there are questions that no matter how much you'll study, you'll get it wrong.
excellent professor, doesn't use a textbook, but you learn a lot
Awesome teacher!!! Be careful when you design and impement a system.
A decent professor. He is somewhat arrogant, but he is generally good natured and he doesn't waste your time in class. However, I thought the class was a little too easy.
1526783	Daniela	Bleichmar	15
Prof Bleichmar deserves 55! Her lecture materials are engaging, and she truly cares about her students' educations. She is a very accomplished scholar (just take a look at her CV) but is so humble and compassionate. I would take her course again a thousand times over. One of my favorite courses I've taken at USC. Learned many interesting things!
Good lecturer. Material is a little dry, but she has a lot of enthusiasm, and some of it I retained and find very helpful. Studying is a must, put effort into papers. If you come to lecture and pay attention, the exams won't be too hard. What really got my grade was the attendance - always go to discussion. Recommended professor :)
Professor Bleichmar is awesome. She knows her stuff and is so passionate that it makes art history interesting. Not a terribly difficult class: 2 papers, midterm, final, and discussion questions throughout the semester. Attendance isn't mandatory but you should go as there is a ton of material covered on the tests. Discussion is mandatory.
If you have any type of interest in art this is a good class. Professor Blechimar is really nice and passionate about what she teaches. She is fair to students and she will actually consider everyones suggestions about the course. My TA was very good as well and helped me get a better grade in the class. Attendance to class & section is mandatory
should attend every class, because all she discusses is significant. Easy class and i enjoyed the topic. Don't ditch. She teaches excellent.
Bleichmar is very passionate about the subject matter. There is a lot of material covered and best to attend class to keep up with the constant slides she covers. Class pace is quick so make sure to be prepared. TA's aren't too great, they take attendance seriously which took a tole on my grade.
This was my first semester in college and I registered for this class thinking it would be interesting. I was disappointed by the teacher and the TA. I was hoping to get more than what I got in high school (I had a wonderful art teacher). Overall, even if I got a good grade, I feel cheated.
So obvious that the previous comment was written by TA. You know what, it's a dumb class regardless of what the TAs say. She's just clueless and the TAs are too. this entire major is set up for nerds to sound cool and for airheads. Not cool. My TA was so clueless I actually ran out of class once to puke. And she too awful too
The pre-colonial material of this class is pretty boring, though Bleichmar does a good job of explaining and making it as interesting as it can get. The readings for the modern period are interesting, and Bleichmar is knowledgeable and passionate. She nitpicks about students' behavior in class though. Be prepared for a lot of reading and writing.
I do not know what is up with the previous reviews. Professor Bleichmar was the best professor i had this semester. She truly cares about the material and her students. The lectures seem daunting at times, but discussion breaks down the overwhelming material. Overall great class!
The lectures are long and filled with material but you have to learn to sort through and take meaningful notes. IF YOU HAVE A MAC DOWNLOAD THE SLIDES AND USE PREVIEW TO TAKE NOTES. It will make life much easier. Overall, not an easy class, but not too bad.
Long lectures where you are continuously pounded with material. The TA's grade hard purposefully and make the study of art history seem very elitist. The class is structured in a way where it's very difficult to get an A even if you understand all the material and always pay attention.
textbook boring. annoying voice. should've dropped.
Knowledgeable, double Ivy, too cute.
Highly recommend taking a class with Prof. Bleichmar. Excellent professor, knows what she is taking about, makes art history enjoyable and understandable.
1207521	Margaret	Rosenthal	15
By far the best teacher I ahve ever had at USC. She is not only passionate about the class, but also cares about the students and our experience. She is extremely accommodating and grades fairly. As long as you go to class and read most of the material, you will get an A/A-.
Professor Rosenthal is passionate about the subject she teaches and is always willing to meet with her students. You should always keep up on readings if you plan to take the class, but she never assigns too many pages so this isn't hard. There's a midterm, quiz, final and two papers.
If you're looking for an easy GE this class is probably not for you, but I thought it was a really great class.  Prof. Rosenthal works hard to make the class more interactive than just a lecture so she will sometimes call on people but there's no real pressure to give a "right" answer.  Definitely do the reading, most of the books are a good read!
Great class. Prof. Rosenthal gives all of the students direction for the 3 papers. If you listen to her you will do well. If you ever have an issue she can always meet with you, and is flexible with times. The reading is easy and light. Participating is necessary, the topics are interesting and you will want to talk. Best class.
Renaissance Culture was a great class that explored engaging literature. Our class discussions were always entertaining. This class does have a fair amount of required reading and writing assignments. However, this class definitely improved my writing skills, and the professor is very available to help with assignments.
Difficult grader. She provides comments but when you fix it next time it's still wrong but in a different way. She's hard to please and getting an A is hard unless you write exactly like her, which is unlikely since she wrote a few books herself! I'm a business major and let me say that business does not mesh with this artsy stuff.
Rosenthal knows a lot about the subject. Necessary to go to class and read, she learns almost all 60 students names and calls randomly during class. You get used to the setting and adjust quickly. I ended up really enjoying the class, great reads but harsh rader and notmany A's given out. Really loves when students talk in her office with her.
My second class with Professor Rosenthal...She is an amazing instructor. My writing and my ability to interact with the material have improved greatly. I will miss this class next semester...! Students at USC who have not taken a class with her will have truly missed out.
It is professors like her that make me wish I could stay in college forever. :)Great class, had an 'aha' moment in almost every session. There's a fair amount of reading, but the novels are engrossing; so I didn't mind at all.
Rosenthal is a brilliant woman and a great professor.  Her "women writers" class was amazing and inspiring--even the guys ended up loving it. You definitely have to do the reading, and she is a pretty tough grader, but she grades fairly and will teach you a LOT. This has been one of the most valuable classes I've taken for sure.
Great teacher, but lots of reading and hard for a GE.  Essays have many requirements and are graded strictly. Take pass fail, I worked hard for a B
Overall, I liked this class bc the material was pretty interesting. The tests are not easy, but she doesn't grade the essays too harshly. In a small class she will call on random people, so it is essential to do the reading (there's a lot of reading). She loves what she does and she is pretty understanding.
This professor is an incredibly good teacher, but one of the most inconsistent graders I've ever had. She does not make it clear what she wants on papers, and grades very strictly. Expect a B at the highest for working your butt off. Her exams are incredibly difficult, but it IS possible to get an excellent grade.
Renaissance Literature. She's sort of interesting, but you have to get on her good side very quickly for you to get a good grade. Even then, it'll be a B- or B no matter what. You have to read, and there's a good amount of it.
Prof. Rosenthal has a passion for what she teaches and we studied women in literature from Venetian courtesans to Virginia Woolf.  I chose this class for its diversity, but I ended up really loving it.
741800	Gerald	Bakus	15
As a senior, I would like to think I know what professors are about. Bakus is a horrible professor and a unpleasant person to be around. Too old to be teaching anything, he wont help you or even be able to hear your questions. If you want to learn and care about your gpa and not wasting your time, please, for God's sake, do not take his class.
Talk about the worst professor at USC. Can't even talk loud enough to hear in lectures, won't annunciate, and is extremely unstructured. I highly recommend not taking his class.
Lectures are unstructured and outdated(notes older than us). Exams typically involve material not in lectures.  Constantly changes schedule/due-dates and expects students to work around his schedule. Lacks common "classroom etiquette," accusing/threatening students of losing points for the most menial,non-academic reasons. He is NOT! an educator.
Class mostly graded on participation (coming to class). Field trips aren't too bad. Only downside is his tests. They're completely unstructured and you have to say everything you know about the topic. Exams are curved though
This class can be summed up as unorganized. All of his lectures, are purely him talking or him showing slides. He has no written outline or transcript of the lecture to refer to and all of the lectures are unclear and disorganized. He then expects perfect recall (his exact words) on the midterms and he only tests on a small section of material.
Not the most thrilling professor but he does a well enough job for an intro Bio course. His lectures tend to be &quot;easier&quot; than his exams, but he does throw in some nice personal stories every once in a while. If you take this course get ready to do some self-study to prepare for the exam.
Bakus, though admirable in the sense he's been EVERYWHERE, is completely incoherent at times. He rambles on about laying nude on his sofa stricken with malaria, he rambles on about how many berries he has for breakfast, he shows some amazingly (unintentionally) funny movies he made, but never really prepares you for the test. Then berates the TAs.
Don't listen to the fools who said he was hard on the second midterm, that was all wetzer's stuff.  He was pretty easy, his lectures weren't too dense like the BISC 220 ones are and if you have any academic skill you should find the lectures easy to keep up and maybe (emphasis on maybe) interesting/ occasionally funny.  Reading helps too.
This class was pretty ridiculous. Unless you're hanging onto every word he says in lecture, the midterms can be extremely difficult and virtually impossible to study for.
Bakus is the most boring lecturer EVER! And although the first midterm was fairly straight forward, the second was extremely specific (contrary to the first midterm, the study guide, and SI review had been telling us).  Avoid this class unless you REALLY love biology.  And being bored out of your mind.
Bakus bases 90% of his tests on his lectures, which is REALLY nice because no one likes to read a massive biology book.  Upon saying that, his is a boring lecturer.  I suggest recording his lectures and listening to them later, especially before the midterm because there WILL be things you missed.  This is because to spits out definitions very fast
nice guy, he obviously puts a lot of effort into his teaching.  He has a lot of interesting personal experiences that he shares in class, which are fun to listen to.
This class is one of the easiest class available at 'SC.  Passing with an A is cake.  Minimal reading is required.
the class is ridiculously easy that and the professor's funny. definitely take him over whatever other bio professor we offer.
No Comments
1352795	Jinchi	LV	15
The class is fairly easy, the powerpoints are all online but he started taking attendance through lecturetools this year. The midterm was very easy, basically it was the practice questions. You also get one full cheat sheet double sided for the midterm and two for the final. Keep your grade high leading up to the final because it was very difficult
Professor Lv is a really kind, sweet professor. He's clear in his lectures and he's very helpful during office hours as well. Statistics is a tough subject, and Jinchi does his best to explain the concept to his students. The midterm may be easy. However, the finals are very hard. But he's a good professor. Recommend!
His lectures are long and unclear. Before the midterm the class is extremely easy and after the midterm the class gets very difficult.
There are no quizzes. Only one midterm and a final. Thus, they are huge parts of your final grade but they are really easy. Midterm was all multiple choice questions. You don't even need to go to class or get a textbook.
Straightforward class. Homework comes from mystatlab and a final project is done with minitab. Go to class (not mandatory). Go to office hours. Read the powerpoint slides carefully. Chill class if you ready took AP statistics.
I have seen other professor's Buad310 homework and they definitely got more than I did with Lv. Lv is friendly, always ends his emails with 'cheers,' always replies quickly, and is helpful during office hours. He does, however, have an accent and goes through ppts with little outside input. Tests are COMPLETELY multiple choice.
Professor Lv always tries to help his students. Very quick to answer emails and has office hours right before class. Class is not mandatory, but will help if you attend. Final is a bit rough, but is manageable if you read carefully over the ppts, go to office hour, do the hw problems and skim/ read the chapters assigned.
Unclear and unhelpful teacher, challenging multiple choice midterms, and boring lectures. Don't take this calss
Sometimes he is very difficult to understand and does't explain things well at all. When doing problems, he tends to skip steps and assumes we know stuff already. Not very helpful at all. Only thing I like about him is that he pronounces textbook "Text-a-book"
hardest final ever. only professor in stats that has individual case project. should take the other professors so that you get a group to do case project because it is super hard to do alone.
You can pretty much skip all his classes if you already have background knowledge in stats. Just read the PowerPoint and make sure you remember to drop by to hand in your homework (you can just walk into lecture to hand in your homework then leave...he doesn't care)
okay. Him and FAN use the same tests and powerpoints. you do not go to his classes cuz all he and fan cover are the powerpoints. HWs are easy. don't get fooled though.. tests are not hard but TRICKY. with little one word you get it wrong. also it's 25 multiple choice (so unreasonable for a math/stat class) avg=B
Taking him now. He can be a boring lecturer but has easy quizes and is willing to help. I have gotten As on everything so far and it has not been difficult. Take him for an easy but boring class
At first I wondered why so many people did not like this professor. However, I quickly learned how incapable he really is. Professor Lv is very unclear and is an inconsiderate human being. He can care less about his students and usually tells them to &quot;refer to the powerpoints&quot; when they have questions-- refusing to explain anything. Do not take him
class is not super easy or super hard, i skipped 218 and it was still manageable. He can be difficult to understand; however, his powerpoints are pretty decent at explaining the material. overall pretty decent prof.
1069721	James	Collins	15
Awesome, one of the best teachers I've ever had.
Amazing prof.  Totally committed to the material, genuinely lives it (Greek philosophy).  You don't see profs like that.  Helpful and very fair.
Great man. If you ever need any help, he's glad to help during office hours. Has a passion for classics, philosophy, and literature in general. Take a course with him if possible.
A truly wonderful man. Genuinely cares about the impact the material has upon the students. He won't give concrete answers to highly philosophical questions - just throws them back to the class. The only problem is that he does really depend on in class discussion, so if no one participates it's painful for all parties involved. Loved the class:)
Really excellent class. Awesome teacher. Difficult material but super interesting.
Kind and tries to be fair, but he seems to be searching for the meaning of life by asking his students, which is not necessarily a completely bad thing, but it does make for some rather confusing/pointless discussions. His theater games, however, are a great experience.
He's awesome. As long as you have a legitimate interest in the class, he'll be fair and lenient with grades and such. He's a great teacher, as long as you aren't expecting concrete answers from such a philosophical guy. All around, just a fantastic person, and a pretty good teacher as well.
Really easy class because you don't really do anything, but extremely boring. It was next to impossible to stay awake because it was all discussion that no one was interested in. Great guy, but very absent minded and hard to follow. A LOT OF READING but probably because it was TO.
Interesting guy.  He knows a lot about the subject, but is kind of in his own head.  Tests are difficult, had to add 10 points to everyone's midterm to make sure it was fair.  Going to class is a MUST to find out what quotes he reads from the texts (which are on the tests).  You need to READ EVERYTHING to do well in this class.
Grading system makes no sense, TAs grade everything but he doesnt factor in different averages between different TAs. no curve even when class avg on midterm was in the 50s. wont pass u even if .01% short
took this class last spring. yes, he isn't the most engaging of lecturers but he is really into helping the students if you make the effort to talk with him. tests are detailed. reading the texts is incredible helpful, makes his lecture clearer.
Trust me, the class sounds interesting and the professor seems nice at first. But he goes off on so many different tangents during his lecture, and then we just lose interest. Plus, he hands out the most unfair mid-term/finals. Seriously, one-fifth of the class failed the last mid-term, and the class average was a 68. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.
His class is abysmal. His lectures are very dull and go off on many tangents. He does a very poor job explaining what it is we need to do. His tests are absurd in their difficulty. Avoid this class by all means.
He's an expert, but dull. Very dry teaching style. His expectations for tests are a bit unreasonable. You have to work prettttty hard. I had an 89.98 and still got a B+. He loves when students talk to him.
A newbie. This class was highly disappointing. It has the potential to be really interesting, but sadly is not.Don't expect to recieve any real instruction on how to approach your texts or how to analyse or explore themes, motifs or the historical backgrounds of the texts. These fundamental aspects of teaching are lacking.
1279784	Shahriar	Shamsian	15
Has non graded assignments. Final exams and midterms are graded terribly while his graders give no useful feedback while grading assignments. A couple of his TAs are terrbile as well. Do not take this unless you are forced to. You can practise stuff online and learn more about algorithms. The discussion sessions are good.
Graders are pathetic! Professor needs to get good graders.. They make us dislike the class :
I took CSCI 570 under him and I regretted it! Huge disappointment to look at an Algorithm professor to copy from the notes he already has.  However discussions by both Schindler and Miller were really good!
good professor
He's a good teacher with a good sense of humor; makes the class interesting and fun
His way of teaching is very unclear and confusing. Does way to much theory that you cant keep track of the algorithm. 
Really good temper and explanations, exams are tough. You'll need to do both homework AND book exercises in order to understand the subject matter. Only exams count for final grade.
Bad teacher. Horrible graders give you 20 on 100 grades, need to fight and then you get what? an "A". Exams are tough but grades easy.
The first part of the course is DB design and sql, it's kinda easy if you know this. The second part was really interesting about spatial databases and indexing. HWs are challenging. For the exams you need a lot of reasoning. I just went only once to talk with him and he was helpful, the only bad thing, he didn't talk too much about NOSQL DBs.
Really difficult professor! I loved algorithms as an undergrad, but that has definitely changed :( His in-class examples and homework problems are easy to medium-difficulty, but the exams exams are extremely hard! The TAs don't help at all and are VERY stingy with points. Grades are based solely on two midterms and the final.
He his a good person and is always in mood.But he does not explain the hard parts and skip them! but explains easy parts a lot! It's easy if you study on your own but if you stick to his lectures, his exams will be hard! But if you study more than his lectures you can get A! His TAs are not good at all! If you want to learn, choose someone else!
Algorithms was a very challenging subject for me as an undergrad, but taking it this time around went so much better for me. Shamsian gave great lectures and explained these difficult concepts very clearly. The class was super challenging for me, but I was able to learn the material and came out with a good grade in the end.
Excellent lecturer.  He follows the order of the book topics closely such that what he lectures is paralleled by the assigned book readings.
Shamsian explains complex subjects in Algorithms with crystal clear clarity. Grading was fair, and a total of 3 test (no HW). Interesting to listen to, and very knowledgeable. Complete surprise for an Algorithms professor - one of the best I've had.
i remember once we asked him about the grading procedure he adopts,& believe me guys we saw something else when grades were out.Tries to be clever
18550	Timothy	Pinkston	15
I thought he was a decent professor for the higher level classes. We never had any girls in class, so there was way to observe any favoritism. I do wish he didn't have a powerpoint method of teaching though.
does not care, disrespects you, rude, belittled me once also, and **** (obviously favors girls). i don't even understand why he is in this profession
Hard prof
No Comments
Dislikes helping students and dislikes teaching, very bad teacher
Unhelpful and rude when questions are asked. Hates to teach
Extremely rude when asking questions, and doesn't want to teach. Poor Teacher
Doesn't want to teach and very mean when asking quesitons.
Snobbing Doesn't seem to know what hes talking about. Doesnt care about students
No Comments
No Comments
This is one of the worst profs I had.  He is not only unhelpful, he is very rude
No Comments
makes u feel stupid for asking questions
No Comments
143452	Louise	Yates	15
She is a good teacher that can articulate her ideas well and can keep her audience attentive.  Her ENGR 101 class is very easy and is designed for those who don't know which engineering degree they want to pursue.  However, once you figure that out, you spend the rest of the semester counting down the days until the final.
ENGR 101 is a really easy class, and the lab portion of it is fun once you start it.  Yates, however, does not really teach the class that much, and has guest speakers most of the time.   As a professor, she is boring, but her midterm and final is pretty easy.
She's a very helpful professor, both in and out of class. Be prepared for some boredom once you've chosen your discipline, because the class seems unimportant then. If you have specific questions about your major, she is very encouraging and will help you find ways to study what you want. Lots of guest lecturers; she doesn't actually teach often.
horrible professor. has no idea what she is talking about. i agree with the comment below that you are better off reading wikipedia to get an introduction to engineering
The worst &quot;professor&quot; (bloated full of air so there really isn't much to profess)ever. If you are interested in engineering you will learn more from reading Wikipedia for two hours. I'll summarize the entire semester here just so you don't have to take this god awful class. Engineers should be careful, shouldn't cheat, and work in groups.
She is really great, she is nice and easy to talk to. If you need advice or help with anything she is the one to go to. The previous review about her lack of degree and doesn't teach engineering well to that I say what do you expect. Its an intro class to find out if you are interested in the major. Give her a chance in any case it is well word it
She was very helpful and caring towards her students. Enjoyed the class but it did get boring at times. It's a great class to take if you have some interest in engineering. Yates is also willing to help you outside the classroom
I got a lot out of this class.  Professor is really helpful and she does try and get to know her students very well so she can help them chose a major, not for any other reason.   She treats all students fairly even the ones who don't pull their wait on team projects :(
Not a very good professor at all.  Consider the fact that she doesn't even an engineer degree nor has she ever worked as an engineer.  She enjoys getting to know her students just to get gossip from them, she's very unprofessional.
enjoys getting to know each student
Don't believe the hype.  She's a terrible professor and doesn't even teach you engineering...
Absolutely wonderful class if you're looking for a general engineering overview.  At times it got boring, but those times were when you realized that the specific discipline being discussed was not for you.  I enjoyed the class very much and would suggest it to others.  In fact, I am.
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
24840	Anthony	Kemp	15
Professor Kemp went to Columbia & Oxford. He is a literary genius - the depth of his knowledge seems limitless. His lectures are fascinating and quirky, he brings puppets of philosophers to class, and is a relatively easy grader. 1 midterm, 1 paper, 1 final. He loves helping students. On the last day of class, I almost cried. TAKE HIM!!!
Professor Kemp is the coolest adult nerd imaginable. He's British, a studio ghibli fan, comes to class in anime shirts. He's clearly a genius, and his lectures on the books - Odyssey, Iliad, Freud's stuff - are fascinating. You don't have to really read: he'll tell you exactly what you need to know. Just understand the concepts fully. Great prof.
Best professor ever. Just attend lectures, take good notes and your effort will be heavily awarded. Be prepared to read a lot though.
He has the absolute worst method of teaching English: he stands at the front of the class and does dramatic readings of the poems and novels. Then he goes line by line and tells you exactly what they mean, with no room for interpretation. Class moves painfully slowly -- it once literally took him weeks to get through a single poem, no joke.
It's as easy as going to class and listening to his brilliant mind unfold for you all the secrets of the universe.
He knows so much that I felt like a sponge soaking up information. He does go on tangents, but is always interesting. Keep up on the reading (there's a lot), but if you fall behind, his lectures give better summaries than SparkNotes, so make sure to go to class. He lectures with an obvious bias--just be aware of it. He loves Buffy and is British.
His lectures were rather boring and uninspiring. The content was straight-forward enough, but I found him to be inexplicably irritating and rather opinionated.
Kemp probably gave the best lectures I heard my freshman year. As long as you go to class and take good notes, you'll probably do really well in 102. Also, he's really, really helpful in office hours - I usually went in with one question and he'd give me a whole comprehensive history. Learned a ton from him.
I absolutely loved his CORE 102 class! His lectures and analyses on the texts we read were very poignant and in depth. If you take good notes and attend all of the lectures, you should have  a pretty good grade in the end. Lectures are EVERYTHING... and it helps that he has a quirky sense of humor (and a cool British accent)to keep one's attention.
Kemp is a great professor. He can be a little weird at times, but it adds humor to the class! He is very gifted at explaining complex ideas very simply, and his class teaches you very valuable material. He is very well-educated and loves to share his knowledge. Highly recommended!
Really interesting class, Professor Kemp is obviously very enthusiastic about his subject and loves his job.   Lots of reading though - make sure you keep up!
Professor Kemp is great! He is very thorough and detailed in his lectures. However, he is not boring. In fact he is very funny. I highly recommend taking one of his classes, especially his Shakespeare class.
Nice, funny guy. His exams are pretty straightforward, just make sure you go to class everyday or you might miss out on some important topic he's lecturing on.
It's almost impossible to fall asleep in this guy's class, he's just so entertaining. Not that that's a bad thing, he loves what he's talking about and it shows.
Very helpful, make sure you read texts; will go off on tangents though
329114	Hilary	Schor	15
Hilary Schor shows up to class late consistently. Then she has the audacity to make you spend the majority of your evenings at USC holed up in the library, trying to get through 100 pages a night. Every lecture is enthusiastic but she forces you to act interested. I tried to like her. I really did. But her classes sucked the life force out of me.
I can take her in small doses, NOT for a two hour lecture. I suspect she understands what she's talking about, but her delivery is very one-sided--it's not so much discussion so much as "I'm going to make you finish my sentences even though you have no clue what I want from you." I put a lot of work in but got very little out of this class. Don't.
I adore Professor Schor but she is the toughest professor that I have had at USC thus far. To succeed in her class requires lots of time and work. Complete all of the assigned reading to the best of your ability (Shmoop if you have to) because she has relentless reading quizzes on the daily. I do not regret taking her class. She's awesome.
She is one of the worst teachers I've ever had the misfortune of having. Extremely one-sided and attempts to make the environment in class equally closed to the exchange of ideas. The duration of the class is spent with her speaking at you. Remember, there are only two answers: her answer and the wrong answer.
insane. very passionate. very hard class. too much reading. so so much writing. i hated it, but then again i hate reading / writing..
Easily frustrated if the class doesn't participate, and it intimidates people into speaking less. So be active and engaged and don't be discouraged by her confrontational nature--she's just engaging your opinion. Schor is extremely intelligent and able to make tedious works electrifying! Take her class but only if you're willing to put in the work.
Very enthusiastic, engaging, and knowledgeable. can be slightly temperamental, but if you attend class and don't take her antics personally, you will learn a great deal.
The worst teacher i've ever had at USC
I don't know who these people are who posted above me, but Professor Schor is insane.  She speaks in wierd voices and goes on excentric tangents non-stop.  Sounds amusing but is isn't.  I'll admit she knows what she is talking about, but I hated her class.  The books were interesting but her personality is a mess.  I suggest you avoid this clas
She is a very nice, intelligent, and charismatic woman.  Interesting class but very hard.  Wonderful teacher.
Professor Schor is one of the finest prfessors at USC. I had her many, many years ago(Fall of '96 to be exact) but just found this site and wanted to say something. She will challege you but she's an AMAZING professor and she'll have you thinking about things you never thought possible. Probably one of the finest Eng/Lit profs in the US.
Hilary Schor is one of the most amazing teachers of literature ever.  She is brilliant and she will open your eyes like no other professor can.  She demands a lot, but she gives even more.
incredible professor. she is so passionate and driven. she made me fall in love with english. one of my top 5. but you do have to work your ass off.
No Comments
No Comments
503612	Judith	Halberstam	15
Good teacher. You can get away with not reading the text because she goes over everything in class! So going to class is definitely helpful! However, reading helps for the discussion section.
This class has a lot of readings, but they are things I actually wanted to read. The discussions are interesting and the professor is amazing!
Class is VERY interesting.  Lots of reading. 3 take-home essays, 1 midterm, & a media project (or essay, your choice). Some of the readings are very interesting, others are a bit dull. Grading is done 100% by your TA. TAs are nice and approachable, so ask for help.  Not the easiest course, but challenges you to analyze the world differently.
There is a lot of reading for this class but I probably did 50-65% of it and got Bs and As on the papers. She cut down the reading towards the end of the year because it did get overwhelming but it was a fascinating class. She is very passionate about this topic and the TAs are great too.
Her holocaust class is not a good one to take if you want an easy GE. There are a lot of readings that you have to do, and they can get really conceptual to the point that some readings are incomprehensible. There are also a lot of writing assignments, but she will move deadlines or cancel assignments if enough people complain.
She's fun to listen to and very engaging. The class is a TON of reading, but it's not actually that hard and she makes lecture interesting and worth going to.
She made everything very clear. Although her tests were based on the readings and she would choose random passages for you to explain what was going on, if you attended class it was pretty much easy to do because they were not cumulative. Focused a lot on Freud. Loved this class!!
Favorite class at USC hands down. Intellectually stimulating, forced me to examine prejudices I didn't know existed and challenged my ideas of sexuality. I knows its a bit overkill but this class really changed my life. It helps too that she believes grades are a meaningless societal construct and its pretty easy to get an A!
She is my favorite professor at USC. Extremely insightful and a great lecturer. She's very smart and accessible outside of class as well. I highly reccommend her class. Some of the readings are challenging, but she explains them well and the papers aren't difficult. I would take another class with her again
Professor Halberstam was great. I highly recommend this class. It's necessary to go to class, because the exams are based heavily on both the texts and lecture.  She is a dynamic speaker, she is engaging and she presents the material in a clear and concise way. She gets my vote.
She is a great professor!  I learned so much in all her classes.  Probably one of the most influential profs I've had.
Awful class.
I got the feeling that her ego got in the way of any concern she may have had for her students, as if we were so lucky to have her. The class was challengeing, & I did learn a lot, but I felt that the syllabus was designed to make her students miserable, & she gave Cs for the sake of giving Cs. For her, learning is equated with punishment.
No Comments
No Comments
549527	George	Sanchez	15
He knows the material, and lectures are interesting. TAs are very helpful. Strongly recommend his course.
Took his freshman seminar on Los Angeles. He had a real passion for the subject matter and his lectures were interesting. However, it's really hard to pay attention for an hour and 50 minutes, but I'm glad it was only once a week. Only 3 assignments and there were fun field trips. Good seminar. Good professor.
Lectures are interesting/informative but also have a strong bias. Grading done completely by TA. Lots of reading, however you are mostly tested on info covered in lectures. Attending class and taking good notes should be enough to make a grade in the &quot;A&quot; range.
Definitely knows what he is talking about and is good at giving interesting lectures. Downside is that he uses the whole 2 hours of lecture and assigns a lot of reading.
I agree that your grade is completely TA dependent. Midways through the semester I would sleep in and miss half of class but would show up for the 2nd because we consistently had a movie second half of class. His lectures are engaging, I just wished he utilized a powerpoint because he lectures by himself nothing else.
Prof. Sanchez was an engaging lecturer with a lot of really interesting insight. There are a lot of books, but I didn't read any of them and still got a pretty easy A. Your grade depends on your TA, but I think this class is worth taking just for Sanchez and all the stuff I feel I learned.
his lecture are very liberal-based, which can sometimes get annoyying, very insightful though....you can get away with skimming the books (about 6 or 7), and just looking up key terms on the study guide that he gives you....midterm and essay are all essay (easy to BS) and papers which are fairly easy as well, Easy A with moderate effort
totally pointless class, but they grade everything way too hard.  Your grade depends on your TA which is ridiculous.  You can know every answer of a test and still get a D.  If your TA likes you you'll get an A, if not, you're in trouble.
Great professor and all, but assigns a lot of work. NOT an easy A, especially if you take it with wr140, so try to avoid if you can. Majority of class got Bs and Cs. Good luck
The easiest class in existence if you don't take it with Writing 140. Lectures are great to listen to and the TA's are nice.
Great teacher! Made the class interesting and finals were pretty easy
Excellent professor  overall.  very dedicated to his students and his own work.  He has helped chages the face and color of USC over the last few years.
Interesting class, very smart professor.
Very smart and very nice.
He is a good good, the only problem with him is that he is too involved in publishing his books and doesn't bother grading the exams so the TAs do it. So watch out with the TAs, especially with one her name is Nicole. She is very ****s and unfair.
401651	Leonard	Maltin	15
This is a movie preview seminar that is ruined by being shoehorned into an academic model.  Tests are not based on any kind of critical theory, but instead on taking interview notes.  Literally, the tests are about 90% remembering the exact way an interviewee described some random factoid.   Maltin is a nice guy, but this is not a real class.
An interesting class that I really enjoyed. The tests killed though. TAs are anal about short answers looking for crazy specific answers. You have to be an amazing note taker and know super small details. The reading is really longrepetitive and most people don't even bother to do it, but you are tested on it. Take it passfail 
Very knowledgable about the subject. Asks good questions to the guests. Gives students a chance to offer their opinions and defend their position about films viewed in class. A very enjoyable class. Get to see movies that are both diverse and entertaining.
This is a pretty useless class.  The tests ask you really random things about what was mentioned in class.  I don't even think the professor writes the questions, just the TAs.  If you have a great memory or write every single word said, you will easily get an A.  Otherwise, take this Pass/Fail if you need 4 easy units to fill.
Class is like viewing a DVD. You have the introduction, the feature, and then the extra features in the form of interviews. Most of the content of the conversations though can be completely foreign to non-film majors. Test based on content of said interviews.
Easiest class - just take good notes.
Terrible class. Only two big movies are shown throughout the semester. Maltin does not function as a teacher, and his TAs are even more incompetent. The head TA was rude and arrogant to students. Plus, exams are graded unfairly because of lack of standard among TAs.This is a no no!
Easy
Very fun and cool guy.
No Comments
only at USC
No Comments
Take notes on what the guest speaker says. Your test will be based on it.
**** on the TV shows. Great interviewer, boring as F but fun SOMEHOW!
Excellent class.  By far my favorite class at USC.  TA - Bobby Simmons was very helpful as well.
598898	Lois	Banner	15
She is the worst lecturer of all time. She has no structure or logical progression to her lectures. Her favorite line is "I could tell you all about that" but she never teaches you anything. The class is easy though. There is no need to read or go to lecture.
Definitely an interesting class, learned a lot about feminism. Dr. Banner tends to be a little scatter brained, but fun. The only thing that really bothered me was her condescending and know-it-all attitude. She is clearly very experienced but doesn't hesitate to beat you over the head with her "amazing life." I felt like I was being talked down to
I was frustrated with her class at first, and she is a bit unorganized. But only after looking back on what I learned in her class did I realize what an amazing impact she had on my life. She is very interesting and tries to get to know each student.
Lois goes on a lot of tangents, but is a really great and intelligent person.  Her class is easy if you do the reading, and you only have to write one essay and a few journals.  She is very accomodating and gives extensions when necessary. She's lovely!
the class is a fair choice for GE's. learn some pretty interesting stuff on feminism, bromance, etc. she has a lot of energy and loves talkinga bout marilyn monroe. take the class.
Although she usually goes off about random stories in almost all her lectures, Dr Banners class was by far one of the most interesting class I have taken.As long as you do the assigned readings and attend most of the lectures you'll be fine..Shes also really understanding and has dinner sessions with students
Easy teacher, she's eccentric but that's all. Easy A, not a lot of actual work. 2 midterms (2 take home essays one in-class, although you already know the questions that will be on there) final is a take home essay..kind of interesting class..
Banner is a good professor, if slightly insane. She gets off track very easily, but with only three real items in the class, it wasn't too bad. My only problems with this class all involved my TA and her awful marking.
She is a fairly easy teacher, you just have to do the reading. For Intro to Feminism Theory, all you do is a weekly journal and a paper, no midterms or tests. She rambles ALL the time, which is dull, but the reading is interesting. You read about a book a week. If you want an easy class and don't mind reading a lot, take this class.
She has some annoying habits and mannerisms. I actually think there is a lot of work for a GE. A lot of reading, that is for sure. Lectures are interesting for the most part, but spends too much time on stuff that everybody learned in High School.
Boring, goes off topic many times. The rest of the people that say she is good were the people that would alwalys suck up to her after class, kinda like teacher's pets. That's what you really have to be so she is on your good side.
Professor Banner is pretty interesting and many times her lectures include personal stories, but the bad side of this is that she often goes off topic and it can get really boring.  The class is pretty easy, there are 2 papers, 2 midterms (ID questions) and a final paper that is long, but not too bad.
The best G.E. I took at USC!
Class is very easy as far as work. You have 3 papers to write as well as a term paper. You will also have 2 inclass midterms which you will need to define terms. Very strict on grading so if you dont do well on an assignment, your grade can suffer. Recommend class if you dont want to do much work.
She ****ing rocks!
747246	Peter	Mancall	15
In terms of GE II this a good one to take. The midterm and final are both 3 take home essays 3 pages per essay. READING IS NOT REQUIRED go to class take notes on his slides and he basically gives you all the themes he wants you to talk about. Go for the woman TA she's an easier grader. Just show up. topic is not the best but he's pretty funny 
He is very passionate about what he is teaching which makes lectures enjoyable.  He has long take home essay questions for the midterm and final, but at least you don't have to study.  If you pay attention in class and write down a few things, youll be fine.
Mancall has fairly interesting lectures because of his clear enthusiasm for what he teaches. Take home midterm and final, both 3 sections of essays. The questions are on the books assigned, so you must read and go to lecture for the essays.  
Mancall is a very enthusiastic man and a passionate teacher. He wants all of his students to succeed. However, the class can be pretty dull and there is a lot of reading that is just plain boring. 
He has a very clear way of explaining concepts that you may have learned before but explains them in a different way that you hadn't seen before.  Very enthusiastic about his subject matter and very knowledgable.  He is great with a room and keeps your attention span going the entire time.  2 hour class that usually gets out after 1 hour.  
He was a great professor who was extremely enthusiastic about teaching the subject. He talks a lot but also tries to get students involved. Wants everyone to do well and does his best to help out. Great professor!!!
okay class, okay professor
Clark Kent is alive and well and works here.  He's lost some hair, put on some weight.  Catch him before he flies off to save the universe.  He rocks
I must have been in a different class than other dudes.  I didnt know Mancall was a superhero and changed people lives.  He's an ok teacher, but not much else.
Professor Mancall knows everything and is wildly enthusiastic about his subject. I would gladly take any class he offered.
PROFESSOR MANCALL WAS THE BEST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER HAD. CHANGED THE WAY I LOOK AT NOT ONLY HISTORY, BUT THE WORLD.
One of the best teachers I've had.
Dentistry might be more interesting.  Mancall thinks the world of himself.  Doesn't mean he's any good as a teacher.  Just put a mirror in front of him, he'll be happy.
Wants to be at Harvard.  If you didn't go to Harvard, believes you are really stupid.  Worthless.  Avoid.  Unless you go to Harvard.
No Comments
1129768	Kyung Moon	Hwang	15
I liked this class just because there were many discussions during the class. No group projects, but you have to read reasonable amount of readings for every class and be prepared to participate. He isn't tough so you will find it easy to discuss in the class. 2 short essay (3page)assignments, 1 page weekly response every week, 1 midterm and 1final
Lectures are discussion-based even though we have a separate discussion session. He grades papers fairly leniently but he grades midterms and finals harshly. Attendanceparticipation is mandatory because it is a part of the final grade.
Honestly this class requires a lot of effort to do well. If you're taking this class just to fulfill a GE, i recommend taking it pass no pass or just don't take it at all. Nice guy, but the lecture is structured totally on discussions... boring and unhelpful. People don't do the readings to make the discussions interesting. Sorry bout it
The prof wrote his own textbook, which was very hard to follow and understand. The book contained tons of tangents, irrelevant material, and the syntax was simply horrible. Lectures were boring, but not too bad. Prof argues own take on K-history; interesting, but resulted in super hard grading. Take a diff K-history class. This one sucked.
The easiness of this class REALLY depends on the T.A. There are four papers (2 pages), a midterm, and a final. Lectures aren't mandatory if you keep up with the reading. Probably not one of the more interesting G.E.s to be honest.
His lectures are pointless, he likes to listen to himself talk. The powerpoints he shows are meaningless pictures. The TA's did all of the grading, so lecture wasn't mandatory but discussion was. The final paper had a ridiculous prompt. It could be an easy class but it's structured poorly and isn't interesting. Don't take it unless you luv EastAsia
Professor is arrogant and profoundly prejudice. He speaks of geomancy (a superstition) as scientific fact. Spent first day talking about how Korea was a lion, not a phallus. This man should not be allowed to teach a class: he is useless and a bigot.
His lectures are really boring and useless (he only shows pictures and barely any info). You have to read the textbook if you want to learn anything. At first I took the effort to go to his office hours but he couldn't even remember my name so I stopped. My TA was a very inconsistent and harsh grader. Overall, I didnt enjoy this class
i confronted the prof that I was offended about what he said about Korea's first female monarch. he's not fit to teach, bringing his biases and racism into class and trying to pass it off as fact. and yeah, to the reviewer two notches down, students don't refer to each other as students. only the prof or the TA would do that.
HORRIBLE lecturer, lectures are difficult to follow, powerpoint slides have no information, too much reading, papers every other week, overall horrible class
One thing is that you have to reed about two and half hours weekly. It will be one of the most boring time you will experience in your life time. Remembering names are not that difficult compared to the extent of essays. It totally depends on your TAs. Truly, TAs are not educated in this field, so don't expect them to know much. Enjoy! Which I didn
AWFUL class. Prof is arrogant, biased, and subjective. It is alot of work that makes you resent the class and detracts from any pleasure of learning in the class. Def take a different class to satisfy your GE or take as P/NP. Multiple papers, presentation, and u must participate. DO NOT TAKE, killed my GPA 3.8 & went down bc of this class.
I enjoyed Korean Past and Professor is easy to understand.  But make sure you don't bother him during lecture (by leaving, eating, drinking, talking etc) because he will call you out. The TA grades most of the work so get to know them.  Midterm and Final essay = both easy
The T.A doesnt know anything, but the professor clear things up.
Korean Hist. =boring. soo boring and difficult to remember names of them damn ppl. oh and um the midterm and final essays... yeah i had to study so hard to just get a freakin B+ the Teacher is great But the TA's dont kno anything! they make so many historical mistakes that even i catch them on.
209166	Nitin	Kale	15
This is the 2nd class I've had with Prof Kale. He has a good reputation within Viterbi and there's a good reason why. He knows his stuff and cares about his students. He grades harshly but fairly. An A is a 95%+, but is definitely attainable if you go to every class and make an effort.
Prof. Kale is a very brilliant database wizard with an entertaining sense of humor. I recommend this class. However, it is near-impossible to get an A. He grades with a harshness that makes it seem like a curve is coming, but there is none. 95% is the only gateway to the A.
Best class I took at USC!
Very challenging grading scale and exams but an incredible professor who teaches real, tangible skills in an engaging way.
SOLID. Great personallity, knowledgeable teacher, skilled instructor, easy-going.
Awesome professor. Response rate to questions is super fast. Knows his stuff very well.
Great Professor! Taking his SAP classes gets you job!
Great professor all-around.
One of the best teacher at ITP USC. He always available to help student in his room and also on email. He try student to work independently. He also guide for your career in SAP.
Hard class, but Kale is super enthusiastic and opens students up to the whole world of SAP. His course plan is very methodical and clear and he works hard for his students through quick email response and a lot of support online. Grading scale is kind of absurd, but I learned a lot of PRACTICAL knowledge.
Nice guy, funny, goes off topic, a stickler about grade scale, (A is 95 and above, only). Helpful, replies to e-mails fast. knowledgable, but the course itself was pretty boring...
Prof. Kale is the ish man!!! This class isn't for everyone but you do learn a lot. You can never go wrong with one of his classes, be it ISE 382, ITP 320, etc.
He is very unorganized. I hate the way he teaches, but the material itself helps alot. He is kinda assistant, not teacher.
I liked this guy but his style of teaching isn't the best.  You end up learning most of the stuff from the book excercises he assigns.  But it is never the less a very good introduction to editing in premiere and aftereffects.
Great prof, loves subject, very clear, helpful.  Extremely nice and young enough to relate.  Total dish!
400991	Wayne	Glass	15
I truly call Glass a friend after having him for a semester. He's got a great personality and he's quite the funny dude. Ask him to sing some of his songs for you! He's got awesome connections and stories to share. Also, you shouldn't worry much about the workload or the readings.
I took Prof. Glass's Global Security Concerns course on Semester at Sea. I knew very little about current events and the state of the world before I took this course and I am so glad I registered for it. An incredibly valuable experience (lab at NATO HQ) with a successful and kind professor. He was both a teacher and a friend!
Dr. Glass is an incredible professor/mentor and one of the greatest men I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. He cares so much for his students and will do anything in his power to support them. If you ever have the chance to take IR445, please do so. You won't regret it, I promise!
he's a nice guy. makes class super easy. videos and takes up time talking about random stuff. take-home final and 4 option papers. plus extra credit if you go to every class, but you can miss 2. really easy class. just cheesy and can get boring but just bring a laptop or cell phone and you'll be ok.
If you have the opportunity to participate in the IR445 class in DC do it!! Glass is incredible. He knows everyone in DC and will introduce you to some very impressive people. In addition, he is the nicest, kindest professor. This is by far the best and most worthwhile class in college.
I also took IR 343. Awesome guy. He's a MUST TAKE professor at USC even if you are not IR major. I would take his class five times if I could.
I took Prof Glass' PWP class on Nonprolif (focusing on Nuclear nonprolif)... by far the best class at USC for an IR major. I wasn't that interested in the topic at first, but traveling to D.C. with Prof G was AMAZING! We met so many people (the Asst Sec of State among many) and became experts on the topic. He is knowledgeable, and an awesome resour
I learned nothing from Professor Glass. Classes were boring and pointless.
Knows a TON about IR.  He brings amazing real world experiences to the table, BUT he is just not gifted at teaching.  His lectures are extremely dry and he seems to accept that because of this most students will have stopped coming to class towards the end of the semester.
Nice and good guy, very knowledgeable about the subject and very experienced, loves the subject at hand.  Boring lectures that are not necessary to attend, readings are not necessary either.  Writ 140 is hard if you take this as your Category 6.  Easy class, but TA's do all the grading.
Not a difficult class.  Going is not mandatory, neither is reading based on the assignments.  I took this with my writ140 course and it made for some somewhat difficult writ140 papers but the IR hw was quite easy.
Extremely knowledgeable, but it was difficult to absorb information because his lecture style was very dry. I am an international relations major, and I found it difficult to concentrate or engage during the class. Oftentimes it seemed pointless to even attend lecture.
Been there, done that. His lecture technique's a little dry but he a really great guy to get to know.
He was awsome
No Comments
563573	Jasmine	Aimaq	15
I had Aimaq for two classes at USC about six years ago. I say take any class you can with her. I learned more in one clas with Aimaq than in all the other classes in four years, I'm serious. Mind blowingly smart and also really clear and really fun and totally approachable. Work is hard though, not for an easy A. Good looking woman too!
Pretty good
Wow, I'm surprised at my grade because I expected her to be a hard grader. she rips your essays apart. She's the hardest Civ teacher and gives more work than the other teachers. very smart, challenges students to think and take their arguments to their logical conclusion. if u want to be challenged take her, if you want an easy class don't take her
Professor Aimaq's Civ 10 class is reading intensive.  She expects students to have done all of the reading and to participate in class.  She challenges students to take their arguments to their logical end.  Her class is informative and well-organized.  The more students put into the class the more they will get out.  Challenging, but worthwhile.
She teaches Civ at Claremont. She's very smart (tries to show off, even!); hot; not very warm or approachable; intellectually curious; good teacher but won't become your friend.
Aimaq is without doubt the best asset in the department. I hear she went to teach at Claremont now, huge loss for us. Her insights are incredible, the woman is brilliant and also approachable and really funny. Loved her classes. Amazing amount of information in her head.
The best prof I've had. Ask anyone who's taken her classes and they agree. Don't miss a course with her.
Pretty demanding, but I've learned so much from her in her class. I'd recommend her to my friends.
Outstanding. Young, funny, brilliant, really knows her stuff. Too attractive to be a prof.
Great class. Professor is not an easy grader so if youre looking for an easy A - look elsewhere. However, by far one of the best classes and professors that Ive had at USC. Extremely intelligent, organized , and structured. Lectures were never dull and I finished the course feeling as if I had actually had a valuable learning experience
Unnderstanding Iraq and Afghanistan - Great Prof, difficult, but funny, extremley approachable, and very smart. Next semester course is going to be an upper division seminar. There are two midterms, a final and a 25 page paper in the course. Her only weakness, though, is her lectures. While they are very detailed, they are not structured well.
By far the best professor I have had in my four years at USC. She gives a clear and organized lecture and leads amazing class discussions. She is also funny and approachable.
Hands-down the best professor you could ever have. Everyone I know raves about her. Amazing, inspiring, and intelligent. Her insights have had a tremendous impact on my education.
amazing source of information, proven experience in her field, very striaghtforward about what she expects for her tests, gives study guides.  class covers a lot of information but you are better off at the end of the class.
As a professor she is very structured and organized and gives a very interesting lecture. Non the less she is far to anal about the dumbest things and her grading is sparatic, your best work could be given a bad grade and your worst work a good grade. Shes annoying and stubborn.
1221686	Erna	Smith	15
A very kind professor! Her class is very interesting and has a lot of interesting projects. She truly cares about her students and teaches them how to become a successful journalist. She loves her students to go to her office hour often. Strongly recommend her!
So hard to work with. Not nice. Not a good grader. Doesn't work with students. Made me want to change my major.
LOVE ERNA! Went in to talk about a paper, ended up talking about the meaning of life for almost two hours. Very kind woman. Not the clearest grader but definitely recommend taking her class
LOVE this woman. Make yourself known to her early in the semester so she learns your name. Email her, go to her office hours. She wants to help. Be genuine with her as she is to you. Sit in the front, she notices you. Attend class and you will do well. She wants those who try hard to succeed and cares about them. RECOMMEND.
Erna keeps it real! Don't stress out about your grade too much, just try to enjoy the class and pay attention. She's a sassy teacher and usually makes things pretty clear and straightforward. I recommend going to lecture in case she throws out a pop-quiz!
Loved her. Lecture wasn't necessary, but her anecdotes were awfully helpful. She really knows the industry and is a blast just to chat with. Good class!
Erna is awesome! Class is easy, could be really boring but she spices things up. Very funny and helpful. Not too much work, tests are fairly easy (straight from the notes) and the textbook is online. don't have to do all the reading and missing class every once in a while is totally fine. Overall great class!
Oh, Erna.  If you have to take the class, take it with her.  Really easy professor, but randomly gives pop quizzes to encourage attendance.  Class is boring, but she's absolutely hilarious plus she knows the industry.
the class is boring and pointless, especially because half of it is about PR which is irrelevant to the journalism students in the class. erna is funny and the class seems easy but some questions on tests are ambiguous or are about a random detail that you wouldn't think you'd have to know.
The reading assignments are all online, and you don't have to read them if you keep up in lecture. Her lectures are what is exactly on the test. She makes jokes during lectures, and tries to learn all 200 names in the class. She's an amazing professor with amazing job experiences.
Very good lecture
Great professor! The class isn't too hard. A one paper, a couple tests, a midterm and a final. Tests are easy if you study the notes. All lecture notes and powerpoints are online. She's very understanding too. Attendance isn't mandatory, but notes don't go into full depth expressed in lecture in class.
Erna's class is straight forward. Do exactly what she says on the papers, you'll get an A. The tests are a little tricky, but if you put in the effort for tests, you'll do great. Her TA's are helpful and are pretty easy graders in general
Such a great, fun, happy teacher who is there because she loves teaching. The class can be sometimes a little long but its somewhat interesting but she makes class fun and makes you want to learn.
She i such a great professor. Really funny and interactive in class, and the assignments are totally reasonable and fun.
21977	Kevin	Robb	15
One of the best professors I've had at USC!!! He is really passionate about the subject. It is a very easy and interesting class.
He is the best Professor I have had at USC by far. His lectures are very interesting and he is extremely knowledgable about he subject. The work load is not bad at all and he is helpful with the essays.
Prof Robb is a funny, nice, if sort of rambling, old man. The class is very easy (only two out of class and two in class essays), but you need to attend lecture enough to write the kind of essay he will want. It's based almost entirely on The Odyssey and then Plato's works- not exactly the philosophy class I expected.
Dr. Robb taught my dad so I had grown up hearing how wonderful his class was. I'm so thrilled I got to take it before he retired, because he totally lived up to his reputation. He is an expert in his field and shows incredible passion. Take this class! I loved every minute!
Prof. Robb is a kindly, chuckling old man. He's enthusiastic about the pre-Socratics for sure, but he is hard to understand. His format is totally lecture-style, and it is hard paying attention the whole time. It's easy to get lost during class since what he says gets convoluted a lot and often goes on tangents. 1 midterm, 1 final, 1 15-page paper.
Super nice professor. Really knows his stuff. More about Homeric history and Socratic and Platonic philosophy if anything. Papers are easy, midterm is easy. Don't even know if we have a final but it should be easy. Minimal reading, especially if you're familiar with the Odyssey already. Fully recommend, especially if you like philophy at all!
A nice and very smart guy, but I don't think his hearing is that great..He has a lot of interest and authority in the subject. He does prefer to lecture method over the discussion method, but that's fine for this class. Go to class (sign in) and listen and you'll be great.
Understanding and helpful. Enthusiastic about material and hopes his students are too (or will be). Sometimes tells depressing stories about all his dead colleagues and friends and says his best advice is to never get old. Easy class-just go show up for lectures because he doesn't post anything online.
One of the best professors I have ever had. If you're at all interested in philosophy (particularly the history/ancient greek) take this professor.  He is extremely knowledgeable and more importantly really cares about his students.
I would definitely take his class even if it wasnt super easy. Hes super chill and a good professor.
An easy but enthusiastic professor. Focuses more on Homeric archaeology and less on Aristotle than advertised (ie: the former for nearly a third of the class and the latter not at all) but he presents the material with great interest. Wish he would encourage more class discussion. Nevertheless, highly recommended as a foray into philosophy!
One of my favorites during my time at USC.
This was the easiest class that I have taken at SC.  The papers were on whatever topic you wanted them to me on and he graded really easily.  He lectures on things that really interest him so he is enthusiastic and knows everything about the subject.
I really enjoyed this class, not really the philosophy class it is advertised as, but if you want to know anything about who said what in Greek Classical Philosophy Professor Robb can tell you who said it and in what work
It's an interesting class,  but it can get boring, not difficult work
1732510	Shieva	Kleinschmidt	16
Shieva is great.  As a non philosophy student, the topic can be very confusing at times, but the TAs and Shieva are VERY helpful. She makes sure everyone understands before moving on. If you try hard, memorize for the tests, then you will easily get an A. Very little work. The topic is super interesting and fun. Highly recommend.
The subject is interesting, but it does require critical thinking. If you want to think outside the box about space and time and how they relate, this class is a good one to take for a GE....but if you are looking for BTTF class, this is not it.
The worst class ever. Class got to be so unbearable that I stopped going. Also, the teacher encourages people to study Philosophy which is a huge problem.  She should be encouraging them to drop the class. This class will either a) teach you nothing because it is so painfully boring or b) teach you a bunch of nonsense that is so irrelevant to life
great professor. Obviously at times it'll go over your head, its a philosophy class.. its supposed to. She's challenging you to expand your mind. Never a bad thing. If you don't get something, ask her..... she's very generous and helpful when clarifying the concepts. Keep in mind the material she teaches is inherently intricate. She's great.
If you don't like to memorize a lot of information do not take this class! Lectures are confusing if you are not familiar with philosophy, however the tests are a direct regurgitation of her information so it is easy to do well.  Helpful professor and very smart.
best professor ever! she is very knowledgeable and interested in the topic. so motivated that it makes you want to excel in her class. i highly recommend her class!
Enthusiastic teacher, clear structure. The class requires intense study. However it's very easy to get good great in the exam for she provides clear study guide and extra credits
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. It sounded interesting to me and Shieva is super enthusiastic, but she just does not get the message across clear enough. I wouldn't recommend it unless you are a philosophy major.
Tests are exercises in being careful, otherwise the class wasn't too hard. Shieva is amazing and if you like thought experiments/stories it's really fun. I loved it, though I'm a phil major.
This class was miserable... I found myself sitting in class thinking, "I have absolutely no idea what is happening right now." You definitely need a background in Philosophy to do well in this class. The good thing is there are no essays to write and extra credit is provided. However, plan to study for at least a week straight before exams.
Terrible class, but enthusiastic teacher. She is passionate about what she teaches, which makes the class a little better. However, the material is NOT for students who have no previous knowledge/experience of metaphysical philosophy. She doesn't clearly explain the theories at a level everybody can understand. Pretty incomprehensible.
This class is surprisingly hard for a 200-level GE. The depth of philosophical memorization for exams is brutal. The professor gives you a study guide for the essay questions, but it's difficult to genuinely retain anything when you're under the pressure of memorizing verbatim. She is sweet & enthusiastic so that's the silver lining.
Shieva is a really awesome professor, and did an excellent job with such a difficult course. She made it fun and easier to understand, and she is hella funny. She addresses questions in a really helpful manner, and works really hard to make sure students do well. Also, all three of her TAs rocked. Yay Shieva!
Sheiva is definitely a character. But this class is just boring. The tests are pure memorization so if you are good at memorizing essays and a procrastinator.. this would be a good class. The material doesn't really make any sense but as long as you can memorize a few essays, its an A.
Do not take this class! Sheiva is awesome. The material is really boring and there's nothing but memorization and more memorization. Logic is the worst and you spend hours analyzing the world through logic. Its honestly ridiculous. Made me suffer every week. Take another GE if possible!
AVOID this class if you can. Terrible. Worst class I've taken at USC. ONLY memorization. Nothing to reflect about. Terrible, Terrible, Terrible. Miserable course. Nothing against her personally, but as a teacher she should be forbidden to work. She is an insult to the world of Humanities. AVOID IT, especially if you love humanities.
1348354	Karen	Sternheimer	15
This class isn't hard and she's pretty clear but I honestly find it to be SO boring. I was really excited to take a sociology class, but now it's one of my least favorite classes to attend just because I don't find it interesting at all. It's the same thing every day: claimsmaking, structural and cultural factors. if you know those ur golden
Really great teacher. Do the readings. They are all very interesting and poignant to everyday life. Not to mention it really helps on the written midterm and final. 5 in class essays, but again, if you read and attend lecture, it isn't hard. Very engaging and open to all viewpoints. Best teacher I've had here. Highly recommended.
Easiest class ever. No homework except for readings, and you don't even have to do that because the weekly "essays" are open note. She's really nice too, definitely take this class.
i agree wt what the other commenters hv said, she is easily one of the best professor that ive had, one tip if u wanna succeed in this class: keep up wt ur readings!! (make notes too if ur that diligent) will help u a lot when it comes to midterm and final essays!
Sternheimer is AMAZING! She's such a cool teacher. For a GEVI this is definitely the best. There are a lot of readings, but if you go to lecture and take notes, you can get away with not reading. Weekly in class essays - but open book/laptop so supper easy, graded Pass/Fail. Take JESS as a TA, she's real fun and helpful. 1Midterm. 1Final. 1Paper.
lectures are soooooo boring, but as far as a CA VI goes, take this one. the subject material is interesting and its easy. take home essay midterm/final - tedious but easy.
Pretty good prof for this class. She's really interested in the subject, and encourages discussion in the +100 student lecture. Timed writings once a week (usually graded by TAs) and a take-home midterm and final with 4 essays each (all are relatively simple and straightforward). A little boring and very writing-oriented, but it's not too bad.
easily the best sociology instructor at USC. Her classes are designed to encourage participation and tying content to outside news, workload was very reasonable, and the midterm/final is take-home essay style, so 10 double spaced pages is nbd. She's smart and reasonable and makes it easy to do well in the class if you make clear you are trying.
She's very nice.... essays killed me. the kind of class that puts everyone to sleep.
hharrrrdddd.... 150 is easy but 305 is hellll borinngggg
Her lectures are pretty boring, but they are required for participation (you have to sign in each class). As long as you read the book (sometimes), attend class regularly, and put effort into the three essays, you are sure to get an A. I definitely recommend taking this class.
soci 150 is easy, no homework except reading, but even if you dont read the mini quiz essays are open book.  then there is 1 essay, a takehome midterm essay, and a final takehome essay.
soci 150 is easy, no homework except reading, but even if you dont read the mini quiz essays are open book.  then there is 1 essay, a takehome midterm essay, and a final takehome essay.
Easy open book quizzez, interesting videos, however she does have 10 page midterm, final and term paper
Great teacher. In class essay once a week, but it's right out of the readings. The text is also fairly easy. A take home mid-term and take home final. Also, a term paper. Very straight forward. Take her, she's the best!
828695	Kevin	Egan	15
One of the best teachers at USC. I'm not an English major at all, and HATED writing coming into this class, but Professor Egan made the class great and brought humor to the topics. I'd definitely recommend that you take his class
Tough grader, but you learn so much that you really don't even care about your grade. And you won't fall asleep, even if it is an 8AM class.
Amazing guy, great teacher. I looked forward to going to class- not many can say that about WRIT 140. Love this guy.
Writ 140 is usually mandatory, but Egan is very understanding.  He's a great teacher and I definitely improved as a writer after his class.
great teacher. really helpful and will make you improve as a writer. in order to get a good grade; requires effort but you will not mind going to class because the teacher is great
WRIT 140 is generally one of the least enjoyable classes required for undergrads. That said, Professor Egan was a great professor. He gave a lot of brainstorming help and had conferences for every paper. Very willing to help students and genuinely cared about their success. Tough but fair grader. You will improve over the course of the semester.
He is an amazing person, very easy to talk to. I really appreciate his understanding with personal cases when it comes to turning in essays. He has a genuine heart and his teaching is very good! I have learned a lot from his class so make sure you go to class!!
Kevin is one of the best professors you will ever have. If you have the chance, definitely take him!
Fantastic professor and really good person.  You learn a lot in this class.
Professor Egan is great. He really enjoys teaching students and helping them develop their ideas. Definitely a harder Writ140 teacher who rarely hands out A's. Always helpful during office hours offering constructive criticism
Very helpful and engaging, he is a tough grader but if you improve in the areas he comments on your grade should improve. Open to ideas and always willing to improve yours and he's got an awesome ponytail.
Great teacher.  Always willing to help.  However, he's a tough grader.  I definitely recommend him.
Excellent professor! You have to work hard for the A, but it's definitely worth it. He helped me gather thoughts for what would later be my thesis, sparks  provocative discussions in class. Still keep in touch with him!
he doesnt allow you to write about what you want, hes one of those guys who makes you write a paper he has to agree with. if you have any creativety get somebody elseeee
i know you can't choose your profs for writing, but if you get this guy be happy. he knows everything and can help you no matter how weird your topic, he's passionate, and he makes it really easy to participate in class. he's a pretty tough grader, but meets with students personally often and is easily reached so he helps you a great deal.
796288	John	Petruska	14
Amazing teacher! Incredibly smart! Many of the reviews here are not true! Be sure to ask questions and take notes. 
Grades tests unfairly, and is easily the least interesting professor I've ever had at USC (which is saying quite a bit).
Smart guy, but poor lecturer.  He crams way too much information on each powerpoint slide, making it impossible to read and listen at the same time.  Doesn't carefully explain mathematical concepts.  Test questions cater to those who memorize rather than those who learn
Yes, he's old. Yes, he mumbles a lot. BUT he knows a lot! Most old professors are dull, so it wasn't anything surprising. If you TRY really hard to listen to him in class, you'll find that the answers for exams are all there! He's a nice old man, give him a break. He knows about people studying off of his exams.
If you count the number of times he coughs during lecture, you might stay awake. He looks more at slides than audience, which bugs me.
all he uses is powerpoint!!! his lectures are boring and not helpful for his tests. read the book, memorize the review questions at the end of each chapter, and you'll be ok. not an easy A but an easy B/B+.
Contrary to other reviews, his class is not that hard. Yes, he mumbles to the board for 90% of the time, and lecture attendance is not correlated to the test scores you will get. BUT, his tests are VERY predictable--very similar to his practice tests. Also, his questions are relatively straight-forward. MEMORIZE and BRAIN-DUMP; you'll be fine.
THE WORST PROFESSOR EVER!!!
WORST TEACHER IN USC. HE NEEDS TO REITRED ASAP
This class is the most frustrating course i have ever taken.  Attending lecture is pointless because he mumbles and you can't hear anything he is saying anyway.  As others have warned: AVOID THIS CLASS AT ALL COSTS!!! even if that means changing your major there is always UCLA extension!!!
He is truly a horrible professor. Avoid him at all costs. Honestly, I can not pick the right words to describe just how bad he is. He really needs to retire or be fired to put us all out of misery. Don't take this class if you can help it.
Tests on information strictly from his head. Book is of little use. Be prepared to get exam questions that have nothing to do with either book or lecture!
Lectures as if he was reciting it to himself.  Tests on information that was neither lectured on nor in the text.
An excellent Professor.
8793	Douglas	Shook	14
Incredibly personal. Extremely practical class. Yes.
Very clear and deliberate about his teaching. Funny. Understanding concepts comes naturally because of him.
Dr. Shook is a really good guy who genuinely cares about his students...well after the class ends. Regarding 405..great class, little tough, but Dr. Shook is easily the best person to take it with and he'll make sure you know your databases well. But I also know that despite his busy schedule I can go to his office and know that he really cares.
Great Professor. Very helpful.
At the risk of sounding too enamored I can honestly say this man has changed my life! I was working as a Workstudy in the MIS dept and has just realized that Finance was not for me. He literally pulled me into his office and after 15 minutes of talking to him I switched the major and now 6 years out of school greatly enjoy what I do!
Best and most useful class I've taken ever!  I use the skills that I've learned in his class every day.
A very hard class, but a great professor.  You'll really learn alot, but your grade might suffer a little.
So glad USC has a mandatory curve or WE WOULD ALL FAIL, expect to score low on the test, but hope someone else scores lower than you.  SAVE YOUR GPA, DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS! Will put you down if you are an MOR major. You should learn to take notes on his self-absorbed boring stories about himself. =d
Absolutely the best. Besides being a great guy, he is extremely clear and is willing to do almost anything to help you learn. Everything he teaches is practical, and you really learn alot. I just can't say enough good things about Doug Shook.
No Comments
The best Prfessor ever. One of the nicest human beings you will ever meet. He will help you even if it means staying all day. Databases, advice, motorcycles, got to him for anyhting he is extremely accomodating. You can get learn a lot from this course but if you need any help do not hesitate to app
No Comments
One of the best professors I have ever had.
The best professor you'll ever have!
87569	Ayse	Imrohoroglu	15
Does not provide any sort of study material for you to review besides MyEconLab and her powerpoints. Lectures are pointless and not helpful. Spends half the class lecturing and then spends the rest of the time sitting watching other students present on various topics. 
You will have to do tons of things before you take a test. MyEconLab, Study guide problems (which is not made by her and includes a lot of irrelevant materials), and reading articles. Midterms are not that bad, but final is hard.
Lazy professor and somewhat stern, but a decent teacher. Mandatory attendance and 1 group presentation. Do MyEconLab and the study guide to prep for exams. NO PRACTICE TESTS! Copy down all questions that she says "will be on the exam" because MOST (but not all) will end up on them word for word. Overall not too hard. I liked her class.
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!I don't understand how she doesn't go in depth with the concepts on the tests. She literally explains topics in such a minimal way its hard to apply it to anything. Her lectures are literally 30 min and rest of the time in class are presentations ... how does she expect us to learn from other students presenting ...
This class is okay.  Her teaching style is very lose and she spends alot of time on graphs and videos you will never be tested on.  Honestly, you basically teach your self. With that being said, she is nice at least and lets all classes out 20 minutes early.  I would pass if you have a better option, but its not the worst class ever.
Worst ever. Clueless, humorless, ridged, and overall worthless. Massive ego but also hugely insecure (likes living in Beverly Hills but can't get over the fact that it's south of Wilshire kind of insecure)
Have to teach it to myself. Not good.
Easiest class in Marshall. Lectures are dry, but the content can be completely self-taught and the practice exams are almost identical in difficulty and style to her tests. Attendance is mandatory (5 free passes).
very nice, not too tough, cares about her students and wants them to learn. lecture can be pretty boring if you arent interested, but she tries to keep them fun. 2 midterms, 1 final, 1 class presentation, takes attendance every class, homework due before each exam (online and easy though). Not a bad teacher, but not the best either
Tough class with a lot of work. The professor doesn't help and is extremely unclear, wish I took it with someone else.
A terrible teacher, the worst lectures ever.
great
Great prof, absolute fox
No Comments
No Comments
215303	Reginald S.	Hubbard	14
Really nice guy, but not the best professor. Has a hard time interpreting questions and answering the ones we ask--not always clear in expectations and usually can't explain what he means. A lot of long papersreports. Try to take from a different professor if possible.
For a class that is designed to teach clarity in writing, it was incredibly vague. He's a nice guy but a terrible professor.  You do more work in his class than any other 340 class at USC. I would highly recommend taking this class with another professor.
Nice guy, but totally wrong person for the class. At least 10 others teach this, take any of them but him. Super unclear, only prof with out-of-textbook midterm, ambiguous grading policies. Multiple presentations with not enough prep time, and he never even graded them for content. Waste of time and energy.
I'm surprised that his rating is this bad, because I had a great time taking his class. I think his lectures are very clear and his grading pretty fair. He is a very patient and knowledgeable professor who always comes to class enthusiastic and with a sense of humor.
I learned absolutely nothing. Grading is arbitrary, he basically categorizes his students (likes, neutral, doesn't like) and grades them based on categories. Despite the class being about communications, he's a terrible communicator himself, and noone ever knows what's going on. If you go in for help he's useless. Don't take him for your own good.
I have to agree with so many of these other comments.  Picks favorites.  If youre not a favorite, you will get a B regardless of how hard you work.  Directions are always vague.  Holds you (or entire class) responsible for emails he never sends.  Arbitrary grading (even with a rubric).
Very useful class! I recommend to take it early (preferably freshman or sophomore year). The materials are highly relevant to everyday life. Hubbard made the class very fun and easy to understand.
I actually thought the class has real world use. Some of the assignments were interesting; however, not clear. Often times you are left to figure out what is meant or expected of you. The class is not a waste of time. It's not incredibly hard and not too easy...somewhere in the middle. Overall, useful.
TRUST ME...do not take this professor. I earned a B...regardless of what I had done he would have given me a B. You do not earn a grade in this class...you are given whatever he feels like giving. He picks favorites (usually hot girls) and gives B-'s and C's on assignment regardless of how well it is done. He is a complete moron. Save yourself.
This professor is completely useless. He does not grade fairly and his lectures completely wasted my time. I would learn three times as much and in half the time if I used the class time to do my own research. Overall, useless professor and I highly RECOMMAND YOU NOT TO TAKE THE CLASS WITH HIM
Hubbard is an extremely interesting person.  This class has practical real world implications.  It will make you a better student and business person.
Booooooooooring, unclear, and a waste of time to go to class...but he makes you. I am not sure that it is all his fault, writing 340 just sucks in general. And in the end he isn't the worst grader out there. If you get him, just know you're in for a long boring semester of an easy B. A's are another story however
ALthough students claim that Hubbard is boring, he's a very helpful person. His teaching style prepares students for the real business world. Nobody will hold your hands when you start working.
He is very boring, .. his voice. He also is not very specific with his assignments. For example, if he wants a 2 page memo, he doesn't specify that in the assignment handout. In addition, if he wants us to have a bluebook for an exam, it's not mentioned.
703498	Kevin	Van Bladel	14
Great class. Kevin van Bladel is incredibly smart and knowledgable.
As long as you're willing to put in the effort to do well in this class, you will. He offers a lot of chances for extra credit and the points definitely pile up. You can still get an A without the extra credit, so long as you attend lectures. The reading isn't 100% necessary, but you should definitely do at least some of them.
Super easy class to get a good grade in. A bit boring and all over the place but very little workload. You don't need to do the readings. Easy to get extra credit. Study guides for midterm and final and only 2 papers. Best of all, football players are in this class!
This professor is on another level in the best possible way. He is brilliant & USC is extremely lucky to have him. You are constantly being challenged. You have to attend class, discussions, & read the material. But, when it's all said & done, you will feel extremely accomplished & you will make a good grade. This class changed my life-perspective.
VB is very educated on the topic, but if you do not have an interest in ancient empires of the middle east, don't take this class.  Found myself on my computer every lecture because the information is so stale and repetitive.  Discussions are brutal because they're all about the readings - readings that are even more dry than lecture
Good professor, really enjoyed his class.
There is a lot of reading, but if you stay on top of the reading and attend lectures or get notes your good. He offers a lot of easy extra credit. Lectures can be a bit boring, but its obvious he's super smart. Class was heavy, but interesting. I did extra credit and got an A. 1 TA is much better than the other (gives weekly reading quizzes).
I wish I went on this website prior to selecting the course. It is true that the class is difficult and the TA's make it hard as well. As a teacher, he is sometimes interesting, but overall his lectures are average. if you are interested in this material, then take it because its a great course, but overall its challenging.
I took this class as a GE and it is way more demanding than I would expect for a GE. If you do not keep up with the readings, you won't do well on the WEEKLY quizzes given in discussion section. And there is a lot to read. The material is very interesting but I would not recommend it as a GE, take it for major credit.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. its stupidly confusing and he just rambles incomprehensibly. Im a a/b student and this class is impossible to do well in. horrible class
Im an A-B student and i received a D. Smart nice guy, but his paper formats are abstract and confusing and worth 40% of grade. 20% on discussion attendance and weekly quizzes that require tons of reading. DO NOT TAKE
Hardest GE taken. huge readings with weekly quizzes. brilliant professor but driest material ever. do not take, or take P/F. had a horrible TA too
No Comments
He's pretty laid back, the whole class period (80 min.) is purely a discussion. Since I didn't care about Ancient Wisdom Literature and Folklore I didn't participate once all semester but wrote all 4 papers (2 of which are manditory)and took the midterm and had enough points to get an A without the final.  There's quite a bit of assigned reading.
18547	Alice	Parker	14
She is really a good professor and try to solve your questions and can reply email very fast. In the exam, she didn't deduct too much points to punish students. The exam is good and can test whether you know the knowledge clear or not and it is not tough. 
Great professor. Very clear and well organized. Coursework is not much but you need to have a good understanding to get an A.
Her teaching and grading sucks high time
The coursework is very light. People dont really get to learn anything out of this course. Her exams seem pretty simple but still you screw up grades and her strategy of writing answers in the box sucks high time. Please consider taking this course under other Professor who is far better in covering course material and also liberal in grading
I attended her course in fall 08. and wat a professor i must say, very intelligent and takes pain in explaining everythin. I rem i used mail her asking ques at 4 am and she was immidiate in replying to wht i asked.. at this age this committment,, hats off to this professor. Best prof i have ever come accross so far in terms of everything 100/10
She is the one professor who understands the students well.Show me one another professor who stays awake till midnight on the days when we have a lab submission just to help out students in case they face any last minute problems.She is a good professor and all the more a great human being.
She is superb, actually explains the material unlike other professors, although she never talks about the really interesting problems, but one thing for sure that on the exam there is always a couple questions that really tests your understanding, and these type of  questions she doesn?t cover, that's what office hours are for, so go to it.
She is a good instructor, A bit warning: for the Midterms read ahead, and study the material that she just hinted about , but didn't cover it fully. She'll say not to worry about it for the Mt, but she actually asks question about it, so if she even talked about it a little bit, assume its fair on the exam.
Awesome professor
She cares that her students learn if you are willing to show  that you work hard.  She tries to make things as simple as possible.
SHE IS EXCELLENT!
No Comments
No Comments
One of the few professors that try to make learning fun, and succeeds.
458811	Massoud	Pedram	14
Good class. Recommended!
Thumbs up !!!
Class is very hard. Good grades are difficult to get. Grade based solely on exams which are worth 70%. The labs are time taking but they are more than the assigned 20% worth of overall grade.
Very helpful to understand what VLSI is. Strongly recommended!!
good material for job interviews
!
Homeworks are easy, but exams are very hard. EXPECT NOTHING BUT THE WORST.
A lot of work, 2-3 times more work than other instructors. Grading is on a big curve, impossible to get an A.
A lot of work, 2-3 times more work than other instructors. Grading is on a big curve, impossible to get an A.
Unfortunate that he is teaching this class, class turns to analog at the end, frustrating, and TAs are no help
Exams are very hard, many ambigous questions. He keeps giving you new material up until the final date. Get ready for hours of frustration trying to figure out what he is actually saying.
Class is hard, and he doesn't make it easy. He is trying to teach you everything, this results in rushed lectures, and flipping through the slides. Hard to get an A, so just shoot for a B, or even a C is ok, it's not worth the work. Take an easy class to balance out your GPA.
No Comments
No Comments
547393	Joseph	Dane	14
TOok this course because I heard good things about this prof. The readings are hard but he goes over them in class and you're not expected to understand them completely the first time. Easy quizzes if you study. No papers.
Loved this class! Really fun and easy if you're willing to keep an open mind while reading texts.
Very amusing, very engaging. Not too difficult, either, and fairly amenable on grades.
He is super cool and humorous. Can't help laughing while learning a lot from his class. Very helpful. Also a easy grader. Highly recommended as a GE class.
He is very helpful and insightful. He is a bit of a hard grader but he does it with the purpose of making you a better student. He is fair and I have never seen him give anything lower than a C
Good Professor.  Take this GE poetry class with him.  Just read the poetry and you'll be well off in the class (minimal work.)  Plus, he's a nice guy and you'll learn more from him than just poetry.
One of the best English teachers I've ever had. Extremely interesting guy, don't miss this class! Not too tough a grader either.
He is the craziest teacher I have ever had, and loves to say things for the shock value. He's interesting, but a very tough grader. The quizzes were extremely difficult, but he takes pity and usually curves them. He tends to rant during class about what he dislikes about the texts, but is interesting. You do a lot of reading for this class!
Awesome guy.  Hilarious too.  I took his poetry class; not hard at all.  Only had three 3 page papers all semester that were virtually open ended.  Poetry was actually enjoyable in this class.
profoundly sly about getting deep points across while appearing to simply question the text.  very complex quizzes that make you think about texts -- doesn't like easy way out and doesn't like people who don't think.  adores students.
I had his class in 98 or 99.  DO NOT type up a b.s. paper for his class.  If you want to breeze through a class, avoid his classes.  If you want to do rigorous work and learn something in order to get a decent grade, take one of his classes.  He loves opera, the blue guitar, and mismatched clothing.  His moustachio is at Nietzschean proportions.
I liked Joe Dane, he was a hell of a guy.  Tough but fair.
Likes to tell filthy and amusing stories. Sarcastic, laid-back, giant walrus moustache - most entertaining teacher I ever had.
Likes to tell stories. Wants to be friends with his students.
981313	Zekiye	Selvili	14
so helpful, really nice, fun clothes.  made me want to study finance
I think she was GREAT!  Explains things well, encourages questions, and very knowledgable.  HIGHLY recommend.  I just listened to her during the powerpoints (very little notes), read the book, and did all the HW and for me it was a relatively easy A.  Just flip through the powerpoints a couple times before the tests and then do all the HW probs = A
True she may be a good professor and all, but man, prepare to spend hours brooding over the HW and studying for the many quizzes and tests she gives out.  NO way and easy A (maybe easy B-).  Non-finance people, I suggest you take Westerfield, who is a lot easier. Consider yourself warned.
This class was amazing! It's a lot of work - hw, quizzes, studying - but if it weren't I wouldn't have learned anything. Its not for your if you're looking for an easy pass out of finance, but if you want to learn finance, Prof Selvili is definitely a comprehensive, easy to understand teacher! Highly recommend her.
Her lectures are fast and she sometimes skips things. She went over some example problems but didnt go over so much that helped me that much. I thought the class was hard but I know a lot of people who did well also.
She's awesome!! Her HW REALLY helps u prepare for the exams. Her exams are straight forward and fair. If it weren't for her class I would have been LOST taking the FBE classes. I highly recommend taking this class if u care to learn something.
She was fantastic ~ I highly recommend Finance majors to take her class.. If it wasn't for her class.. I would have had a MUCH MORE CRAZIER difficult time taking upper division Finance classes - with me being a Finance dummy n all. She's easy to follow.  Her exams are more than fair!! Her HW really helps prepare u for the exams!
There's so much work involved, it's irritating. Her HW takes forever to do, on top of that, you've got take home quizzes and in-classes quizzes you always have to prepare for. Her lectures are so vague and fast. She tends to skip steps and expects you to know it all. If you're not good w/ finance, she'll let you fall behind. NOT HELPFUL!
first midterm was exptremely hard.. but the second was rather easy.. you need the textbook to do hw. attention is mandatory. i don't recommend her... take peleg instead!
Selvili is a really nice teacher but doesn't go out of her way to make sure you learn everything.  She is overall pretty good.
negative energy&#63; i think she's great! tho, she doesn't believe in research...
Good teacher but has super negative energy.    Shes complains a lot and stops class to point out when people are late or leave early.
No Comments
No Comments
131021	Robert	Alderette	14
if it wasn't for bob roski school of fine art and design would just be roski school of design
The best art teacher I have had at Roski. He is a tough teacher, but he pushes you to produce good work. He gives informative lectures on modern art and his critiques are interesting and helpful. Take his class, you will progress so much in your painting skills and knowledge.
Robert is a great drawing teacher. He is extremely critical but his critiques are meant to help you become a better drawer. It's important to have thick skin with him but also take in everything he tells you as it's all meant to help. It was a challenging class for me but he's an amazing teacher who cares that you actually learn to draw :)
just a really amazing professor. you need to take a course taught by bob, that should be a requirement.
Bob is enigmatic person. He doesn't care about your feelings he cares about the truth. He is a rare find in our society and his course should be a requirement for the psyc dept. He gave me a private  critique shortly before I graduated and I am verily achieving his singular comment a decade and a half later. He makes people cry in crit but so do I.
Lame, old school. no contemporary scene work shown or shows to attend. this is no school for painters
Like most all great fine artist he out in raw brilliance alone.
he's the best prof I've had in the fine arts department.
This guy ROCKS! I like that comment about him inventing English. He keeps you on your toes and keeps you motivated. A bit neurotic, but, HECK! -He's an artist!
Can be hard on you but for good reason.
No Comments
the best professor i've had and will ever have at usc
Bob reinvented the english language.
No Comments
730841	Laura	Pulido	14
60% of your grade will be a mystery till after the semester. Insane amounts of reading and essay exams that are too long to finish. No way to argue for grades because she's ALWAYS right.  Even the TA's agree that she's over the line... SO glad it's over!!!
Extremely passionate and knowledgeable about the subject. Plenty of material is covered in the class so there's lots of reading but you can get by with just listening to lectures. Tests are straightforward and open-note. Seems a bit extreme and imposing in some of beliefs but expected from anyone passionate about a subject. Reasonable GE.
More helpful if you forge a relationship and attend her office hours.  She can get pretty ranty but if you roll with it, you will get the grade you want in the class.  I wouldn't take this class if you aren't planning on attending or doing the readings because she grades you on that.
While she is well educated on the material, she is a hard core democrat that is in love with socialism. She consistently fails to acknowledge two sides of an argument. Basically her whole class was about how wealthy white men have ruined America. Even though I am a girl that is democrat it was just too much.
Super passionate about what she teaches, her lectures are really interesting. Hard grader, but you learn  a lot. Reading heavy class, but she picks great books and really goes over them. Take home midterms and if you've attended class and done the readings you should be fine. Inspirational woman, get to know her!
Very smartt woman. She knows what she is teaching. She knew all of the students names and really made it feel like a great learning environment. She just changed her syllabus. She now gives take home tests which, if you go to class and do the readings, are pretty easy. We also watched around 5 films throughout the semester.
she is a nice teacher but very rigorous grader. class is interesting but requires hell amount of reading. avoid taking her class at all cost
Very interesting class. Exams were straightforward and as long as you pay attention in class, read the assigned books and participate in the discussions, a good grade is possible. She had a great passion for the subject matter and I enjoyed her lectures. Glad I took the class.
DONT TAKE THIS CLASS! It took me about two years to come back and rate her in this website....thats how much i hated her class. TOO MUCH READING, exams are unpredictable, and grading is extremely terrible. theres about 2 essays which can destroy your grade if not done well. She is not clear on what she wants. Its a terrible class to take for a G.E.
she is very knowledgeable in what she's lecturing on but she hardly gives any help or clarity. her exams are unpredictable, and she's a terrible grader. she will fail anyone and she has. but afterwards, she won't explain why you got your grade and she is just very vague at describing what she wants, thus her class seems pointless. DONT TAKE HER.
Professor Pulido assigns a lot of reading - and by a lot, I mean A LOT - but she is engaging during class and she knows what she's talking about. She is a rigorous grader, but she really isn't all that difficult, as long as you've paid attention in class and to the readings. Overall, I enjoyed the class and wouldn't mind taking another with her.
Terrible class and teacher.  It was not at all what I was expecting the class to be.  It was a terrible experience and a lot of work for a GE.
The class material itself was fine, and at some times, interesting. It is, however, delivered with such a slant that the professor loses credibility. During lecture, the statistics were often outdated. Test questions were largely cofusing not because they were intended to be tricky or because the course was hard; they were incredibly poorly worded.
The material was pretty interesting but she wasn't the greatest prof.  Her tests were hard and she relied on the TAs to do everything.  3 exams and 2 papers is the whole grade
1481177	Francille	Wilson	14
Terrible class. I disliked every class period even though I never missed a class. Long and boring lectures that don't even give you the information needed for the exams. Only one midterm which is poorly designed and two papers and one group project all due within a month (and with one paper and the group project a week). If I could, I'd give all 0s
Six textbooks, too much reading every week. Certainly, the lecture is toooooooo boring. Worst class ever.
Worst class I have ever taken. The lectures seemed to become tangents and ramblings. I went to every lecture as well, and a kid who did not go to a single lecture did better on the midterm (which is an awfully composed exam). Clearly you can do fine without going to class, so I suggest you do this so you don't die of boredom.
This was just a horrible class. I came in with interest in the subject and left resenting this whole class. Professor Wilson is nice but she goes on too many tangents and the class has too much reading she also is never available. Not worth the diversity requirement.
Pretty boring class. TAs make the class pretty easy, but lectures are really boring.
she is AWFUL. boring subject matter, monotonous voice, literally almost fell asleep every lecture. must go b/c attendance is tracked with clickers. class itself is super boring but wound up being easy, but i think the TAs were just nice. also she DOESNT ALLOW COMPUTERS but gives far too much info to write. AVOID THIS CLASS
She only talks about water and racism in LA. Class is a joke, didnt do any reading and after midterm I didn't go to class and still got A-. A LOT OF READING, MEAN TEACHER WHO DOESNT CARE ABOUT STUDENTS.
The Professor was terrible in lectures, but the TA's were really good.  Hardly anyone would show up to lecture because the professor would drone on and the class itself was completely disorganized. There was a lot of assigned reading, but getting an A was completely doable without reading any of it.
worst class ever. her lectures dont relate to the readings which are extremely long and boring. she talks in a monotonous voice and tells random facts. i got absolutely nothing out of the class. the ta's are the only reason i survived
She is awful. And lucky for future students, no longer teaching this course. Her voice is monotonous and she is as unengaging as she is unhelpful. The readings are long and tedious and would be interesting if they were broken up by different projects. The TA's are the only way the class was tolerable at all. No one showed up for lecture ever.
GEOG-100 is the most work ever  for a 100 class. It's rediculous amounts of reading and writing. she assigns entire novels to be read in a week while working on a group a project and them duethe monday after a friday midterm. avoid at all cost. her lectures are boring, unrelated to the material, and she doesnt care about the students grades
Definitely agree with below. Lots of homework
Agree completely with the person below.  AVOID.  Most work ever for a 100 level class. Again..AVOID!!!!!!
I thought that the class LA and the American Dream sounded interesting, but it has turned out to be a nightmare. This professor is incoherent and the subject is boring. She literally puts me to sleep. Some assignments are easy, but the big project is demanding and she assigns a massive amount of reading. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS - you'll regret it.
1097474	Sarah	Gualtieri	14
She is a great professor! Really knowledgeable about the subject matter, and very passionate. Lots of interesting readings on a variety of topics. Very clear about the material on the midterm/final. Not too challenging if you keep up with the reading. I really enjoyed this class! If you are interested  in the Middle East, take this class!
Prof. Gualtieri conveys information articulately and with such obvious passion for what she teaches that I hated to miss any class time. She cares about her students, is a fair grader, and keeps her lessons organized. Just don't be shy in class, don't browse the internet too much, and try to at least stay on top of the readings emphasized in class.
Really nice professor who cares about the students. Speak up in class, and don't be too obvious about going on the internet. You'll really like the class, and you'll do well.
An amazing professor. Friendly, organized, passionate about what she teaches.  If you want the class to be a better experience, it might help to actually be interested in the subject matter though.  She does a great job of teaching and painting a clear picture of sometimes complicated Middle Eastern history. Would definitely recommend her!
I took three of her courses when she taught at Loyola University. She ROCKS! An engaging storyteller, the papers & exams demonstrate her high expectations for student engagement with the material. Unless you have minimal interest in women's rights, international policy, or Middle Eastern history, take her courses-you will gain invaluable knowledge!
She's great! Others thought the information was boring, but I personally found it interesting. If you do the work given it definitely isn't a difficult class. We watch movies, take notes on lectures, and have discussions. There is one paper, one midterm, one final, and quizzes that are given every few weeks. She's very clear about what is on final.
Class is interesting and she explains concepts clearly! I have no regrets taking the class. She's very understanding and grades pretty nicely. 1 midterm, 1 final-gives you a review sheet that's pretty much the exam. Take her!
SHE IS AMAZING. TAKE THIS CLASS. Watch videos during almost every lecture, a few quizzes, a mid term, a paper and a final. she is the best teacher i have had here and her class is incredible.
Her Women & Revolution class is amazing & interesting. She keeps you interested w/readings+videos. She explains well & is so passionate that I would love to take another class of hers. A LOT of reading, but is doable. Midterm, 1 Paper, 5 discussion posts, short & easy presentation, & final. Easy class. Recommend! One of my favorite classes.
Extremely passionate about the subject and very helpful as well. Encourages participation, speaks clearly, and does not go too fast. However, I was already interested in the subject so I probably enjoyed it more so than others. Even if you don't, she's an easy grader and very understanding. Definitely recommend her.
shes awesome. she explains everything so well and is so patient about it. you can also tell shes passionate about her subject. however if you dont keep up with the readings youre screwed. otherwise this class is an easy A.
Not too hard, only a couple of readings and papers to turn in. Lectures were kinda boring though. I don't think she teaches the &quot;Race and Class&quot; class anymore though.
It's like listening to a long story split into hour long sections. A lot of memorization. She assumes you have background knowledge in many things. She speaks clearly but doesn't write much down. She is very knowledgeable about the Middle East.
Pretty mediocre. Lecture can be mundane. Watch a lot of movies on L.A. race/class issues. But, If you sit in front of the class it makes it a lot better. Gualteri also is very accesible--she'll help you or continue discussion after class.
1384299	Joshua	Goldstein	14
Super easy A... As long as you attend discussions and consult your paper with the TA/Professor before submitting... 1 Midterm 1 Final 4 Papers
Not a fun subject- It IS a history class so there is a lot of material covered and thus a lot of memorization (dates & names) needed for the exams. It is a GE so there are quite a few papers along with 2 exams and a map quiz. Professor is pretty helpful with papers as long as you email him beforehand or go to his office.
He is a pretty good professor, but the subject matter itself is not particularly interesting.
Good at explaining everything.  Just make sure to attend class and take notes and you should be fine.  4 essays, 1 midterm, 1 final, 1 map quiz. Not a hard GE class.
Professor Goldstein is very far removed from grading student work. So, you're entire grade is in the hands of your TA. I am a senior taking this course P/NP with a busy schedule. This class has been a terrible. My TA is the worst TA I have ever had. She is way too demanding. I am SO glad I'm taking this class P/NP or I'd be screwed. Not easy.
Goldstein is great. He's funny, helpful and he knows the information is dry. It is not a difficult class, but it is work. So this is for those who don't mind a lot of reading and write efficiently and quickly. Get on your TA's good side, as he or she is responsible for your grade and remember Goldstein is approachable and always willing to help.
Your grade in this class is entirely dependent upon the TAs. Class is not mandatory but helpful, especially if you don't do the readings. The assigned readings are not necessary if you attend class. Prof. Goldstein gives you a very straightforward study guide before the test with all of the IDs and essay prompts. Easy A but very boring GE.
This class is so ridiculously easy!!! My greatest regret was choosing it P/NP. After the third week, I stopped going to class. TA discussion is mandatory though and part of your grade. Grade depends on TA. He gives you all the possible terms and essays for midterm and final two weeks ahead of time. Impossible to fail.
Your grade depends on your TA, but most are pretty strict.  Chinese history is a lot to learn in a semester, but Professor Goldstein is really helpful... if you take advantage of his help.  He's a really nice person who's willing to help if you ask, but lectures are boring and the subject matter is complicated.  A lot of reading and writing.
The class was really unorganized, and your grade is entirely at the will of your TA. My TA was horrible. I was really interested and read a lot, but left the class not really knowing what was going on with a disjointed concept of Chinese History.
Professor Goldstein is enthusiastic about his work but the class is boring and the fate of your grade all depends on your TA. You must be there for every discussion and you must have half a page written to bring to discussion about the assigned reading (a lot.) The class is managable, but tedious.
Professor Goldstein is great! He teaches well, goes over a lot of concepts in a way that's easy to understand and he's also very considerate to the students too. As long as you put in the slightest effort, the rest should be easy.
Professor Goldstein is great!He's very enthusiastic in teaching, but also really really kind to his students. This semester I'm taking his class, and he helps me to revise my each paper patiently before I submit it. He has good personality. I really really appreciate his help!
He is very enthusiastic about the topic but the material is rather boring. He helps by setting one on ones to discuss papers.
1620479	Jessica	Peet	14
She was a great professor. I took two classes with her - but this one was my favorite. I did not miss a single class the entire semester - very engaging. A 3-4 minute current events presentation (no prep needed), midterm with study guide (easy!), blog, and the final is a creative art project. I literally made a poster and got an A.
Definitely wonder how she managed to get her Ph.D. Do not take a class with her if you value your education. If you want to be treated like a third grader, I'd highly recommend this course.
Probably the least qualified professor in the School of International Relations. She's memorized some of the definitions from the textbook, but does not know how to apply them or give contextual examples. Class consists of an hour discussing current events (always focusing on gender issues in an int'l security class) and then some book definitions.
She's always energetic & engaging in lecture, cares about students and good to talk to. However, she does not appear to know enough for the subjects matter when students have in-depth questions.
LOVE this professor. Definitely just took this class with zero interest in the subject after a friend recommended it, but she definitely piqued my interest in the subject early on. Scarily enthusiastic but she's super sweet :)
One of my favorite professors at USC. Would recommend her to any IR student/non-major fulfilling a requirement. Lively, intriguing, and passionate about subject matter. Always more than happy to help and answer any questions. Her gender class really opens up your mind. Listen to her lectures, participate, and an A will not be difficult to attain.
She is an sweet and wonderful lady, a tad too enthusiastic, but it rubs off of you and will spark your interest in the subject. I actually learned a lot and totally overthrew my stereotypical views about feminist before. Now I call myself a feminist too. Easy grader, just have your own arguments and support them well (you're in college people..)
Very enthusiastic! At first I was kind of afraid of her but she's AWESOME. Made the class a lot more fun than I thought would have been! TAKE HER
Probably the only class I consistently attended. Professor Peet learned every student's name within the second week and encourages active participation without pressuring students. Easy grader, and makes sure everyone learns the material. As my first IR teacher, she definitely sparked interest and gave me a good impression of this field of study.
The class was awesome. I thought it would be a bunch of over the top feminists but it wasn't, I learned a lot that I used in later classes about the general understanding of the feminization of people. Bottom line: great teacher, fun class, useful, 1 midterm, and the final is a project. Take this class
Peet has no idea what she is talking about half of the time. She can never answer students questions in class. Her lectures are entirely based off of the reading (completely regurgitated information) but attendance is required for "participation". Her class is an easy IR class but if you are looking to learn something I wouldn't recommend it.
Seriously one of the nicest professors I've ever had. Genuinely wants to help you and teaches the material with so much enthusiasm. Grades pretty easily and really appreciates when you come to class prepared.
Dr. Peet is an AMAZING professor who is extremely passionate about the topic. She, being a young professor, is able to connect better with us. Great class, just go to class and read the topics.  She gets quite fiery when you don't read...not a pretty sight.  Overall great class, loved every minute of it!
Prof. Peet is the sweetest lady ever. She cares so much about what she teaches and genuinely cares that all her students learn. She encourages participation and there isn't too much written work. I really encourage you take a class with her.
1788276	Erik	Kolb	14
Professor Kolb is the best lecturer I have had throughout my four years at USC. His lectures are long but informative, and crucial to passing the class. Take copious notes and prepare to study for a few weeks before each exam. None of his tests are curved and the final is cumulative. Requires effort but definitely worth it if you're serious.
He is amazing. I have had him for 3 different classes. Loved visiting him during office hours. He is passionate, and loves getting to know you. The secrete to passing all exams. Study his lecture slides only. don't even need to buy book, its just supplementary. 
Kolb is a good lecturer, and gives good analogies to help clarify concepts in his powerpoints. He has no idea what is going in lab, which is basically another class, and expects you to learn way to much information much to quickly. Test are mainly multiple choice, cumulative final, and not curved. He's always available for help during office hours.
He is one of the toughest professors I have ever had. His final is cumulative and he does not curve the class. However, he makes his lectures very entertaining and informative and is clear about his expectations. Exams are difficult and at times unfair. But you will learn a lot and will use this information in any health related field. 
My hardest class thus far. The materials are not innately difficult but the sheer amount of it and the details you need to understand puts this class up there. He is a great professor but be prepared to work and read the book. It is also uncurved and final is cumulative.. good luck. 
Dr. Kolb is single handedly the most amazing professor I've ever had. He is infinitely knowledgable and he takes the time to share all of his knowledge. Not only does he care about the material, but he cares about his students caring about the material. And his eloquent and insightful lectures enable that. Take his class, even if you don't get an A
Toughest teacher I have ever had at USC but nice guy
Kolb is a fantastic lecturer and designs exams that will test students on the material in a fair but extremely challenging way. Although there are easier professors to choose for this same course at USC, I recommend Kolb if you are truly attending college to learn and receive the best education.
Dr. Kolb not only presents material with clarity and concision, but is also passionate about students' learning and overall knowledge. He makes known his expectations, with lectures directly correlating with the assigned textbook reading—so there are no surprises when it comes to what's on the exams. He's also very approachable and willing to help.
Dr. Kolb is an amazing professor! He adds new research and interesting clinical knowledge into the basic anatomy taught. His tests are very fair, but they do cover a lot of material. Highly recommend his class. You will learn a lot.
One of the best professors I have ever had! He definitely wants you to succeed and is more than helpful if you go to his office hours. This class has a lot of material to digest and his exams require critical thinking, but he is very organized and clear about what he expects from you. I wish I could take more of his classes!
Dr. Kolb is, by far, the best lecturer I have ever come across at USC. He's a wonderful professor, and he's eager to help his students. The class is not easy, especially as it is uncurved, but his tests have always been quite fair. It's not like he throws ridiculous things at you that you've never seen before. I highly recommend Dr. Kolb.
Amazing professor. He covers a lot of material that has a lot of details so exams are hard but they're fair. Get to class on time or don't go at all bc he takes off points on the next midterm if you're late. He's really clear about what's expected which I really appreciated and is supper approachable in class and office hours. One of the best.
Kolb is a fantastic and very clear professor. All his lecture slides are on blackboard, and he is a master of human and evolutionary biology. He is a great person and I enjoyed visiting him in office hours. However, his tests are incredibly hard. Even if you study, they require intense critical thinking. All I have to say is good luck...
529718	Antonia	Szabari	14
Poor professor. I feel like she enjoys making life difficult for her students. Very difficult grading and very intensive course load. Do not recommend. She's intelligent but not suited for her role as professor.
Worst GE I have taken. I'm not a freshman anymore and have an intensive course load, yet this GE took up most of my time. Way too much work. Lectures don't make any sense. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE literature. The books weren't too bad. However, it was one of my worst classes. Probably got the worst grade I've ever gotten during my USC career.
ALOT of reading but she doesn't teach well from them at all! Barely learned anything.Her lectures make me feel like we're trying to make stuff up just so we have something to discuss for 'close reading'. She doesn't respond to emails, and essays from a month ago has yet to be graded, the final's tomorrow... She's knowledgeable but can't teach :/
Bad class, bad professor. Very hard to get good grades. Her accent makes some of what she says difficult to understand. She also goes off on crazy tangents and talks about topics that don't help you out on your papers/exams.
She's very unclear with what she expects in essays. She grades them incredibly unfairly and every time I asked for help it didn't help me at all. The books were good, that was the only upside to this class. She also says &quot;um&quot; and &quot;mmhmm&quot; every two seconds, making the lectures hard to follow, do not take this class if you're looking for an easy GE.
her class is so hard for a normal GE class, she expects her students to be a literature expert, if you are not good with non-western literature (like turkish, russian, hungarian) you will not be able to get good grades. Remember her grade so harsh, in a 25points based midterm, A range is 24-25, and it is impossible to get full points in a essay mid
She's a very good professor. She's extremely helpful and very generous with her time. I've learned so much from her.
I felt like I had to completely relearn how to write with her - and not in a way that is useful for other classes. I had difficulty with that and so I got the worst grade I've gotten at this school. And I was a Junior taking advanced writing at the time. I would say, though, her choice of books were great. Enjoyed reading them. Wish I'd enjoyed her
Great professor with a real passion for the subject.
What she says is easy is not something students in a general education class would consider easy.
As with many professors, good researcher + bad communicator=poor teacher.  Very socially awkward.  One must have good interpersonal skills in order to be a good teacher.  Unfortunately, she is one of many professors who have been locked in their ivory towers so long that they have lost all ability to communicate effectively with anyone.
She is a terrible professor.  Class is very boring. Tons of reading.  She is a jerk when it comes to grading also.  Do not take this course, &quot;Renaissance Travel Literature&quot;, it is terrible and the only thing that made me go to the class was so my grade did not drop any lower.
terrible teacher...worked my butt off but managed to only get a low c because she grades incredibly unfairly...she marked me off for using the phrase eden-esque which she was upset at because &quot;this is not a word&quot;, incredibly unfair teacher, i'm warning you, do not take this class
Good professor, very knowledgable but unfair grader.  Although she encourages individual opinions she will eventually grade down if you don't agree with her.  Interesting class but got somewhat repetitive towards the end.
1357422	Colin	Keaveney	14
Literally like my favorite professor and personality at USC!
Very approachable and willing to help. Not the easiest grader, but the class was enjoyable and rewarding nonetheless.
What can I say, he's a great guy and a fantastic professor.
Brilliant professor. Easygoing and understanding. Focuses on what he has to teach you and wants to help. He's funny, keeps class interesting and stimulates conversation between classmates. Truly enjoyed his class. Does assign a lot of assignments of varying difficult (none too hard), but expected of a language. Confusing communication sometimes.
Keaveney is an incredibly personable and engaging French professor. He made the focus of classroom time as an opportunity to practice French conversational skills rather than nitpicking on grammar. As such, he truly brought my classmates together as a close-knit bunch. All the while, he required a lot of vocabulary memorization which was tough.
He is a really great guy. Easy to understand, but expects a lot from us. There were five tests if I remember right and then a final. He seemed to grade pretty difficult. I only got one A paper in the entire time. He does not give out easy As, but I learned a ton from him. Overall, his class was great and I would take it again.
He is a good professor who is excited about the subject matter. He makes efforts to vary his teaching methods and spice up class with different activities. Sometimes this is successful but other times it is just annoying. Despite occasional frustration, I did learn a lot in his class and rarely had trouble staying interested.
My favorite class this semester, and I'm looking into taking a course with him next semester. Very clear, makes class light and fun and interesting. Easygoing guy, great professor!!
Good professor, very engaging during class. Good mixture of films, literature, and grammar exercises. The written assignments were graded toughly but you get rewrites so it's not hard to do well. four tests throughout the semester that are straightforward and a lot of room to do well in the overall grade.
Awesome guy!! I hated french in high school but Professor Keaveney creates a comfortable classroom where it's fun to participate. He's super effective, in my opinion--he teaches very strategically and has a very organized curriculum, but it seems natural. Really great guy.
Pretty easy class aside from the writing assignments. Most/all assignments, homework, and presentations are really easy and easily graded, but writing assignments are graded a lot harder.
Wanted to like this class but Keaveney focuses on creativity. Both classes I've taken w him have been more like creative writing classes taught in French than french classes about literature. He doesn't focus on grammar, so many of us forgot tenses in his classes. Condescending towards some women, & not understanding when family problems arose
hilarious teacher.  bit odd at times but mostly comical.  hard grader but you learn a lot. doesn't get bogged down with grammar.
Hilarious, enthusiastic, good teacher.  Not an easy class but he makes it fun.
1487280	Antonio	Idini	14
Professor Idini is amazing! He is very sweet and helpful, and I learned the material easily with his help. He is not at all strict, but you wouldn't even want to skip his class! He even took us out to dinner at the end of the semester. 10/10 would recommend.
I've had Idini for two semesters now and he is great! Really wants you to learn the material and is a pretty funny guy. Makes a lot of jokes so you don't get bored in class! Highly recommended!
Antonio is a great guy and a great teacher. He will be very committed to your success as a student and also wants to be everyone's friend. I learned a great deal while in his class, and also really enjoyed being there, even though I had to attend 4 days a week. He is also very reasonable about attendance/missed homeworks. I HIGHLY recommend him.
BEST & EASIEST Italian Teacher! I got a D+ in Italian 1, and somehow managed to get a B in Italian 2 with Idini teaching. Super nice and wants everyone to do well in the class and makes sure everyone does.  I wish he taught Italian 3 too. He is funny too, sometimes goes off into tangents of stories that end up becoming hilarious. A++ Teacher
Best and Easiest ITAL teacher at USC.  Before I was receiving C's and D's in Italian.  Once I took his class I started getting A's and B's, he wants everyone to pass and will help everyone as much as he can!  Really nice guy, loves his students and loves Italian.
Makes learning a foreign language easier. Not too hard of a grader. Never a day where the class is without laughs! If you need help outside of class he will attempt to change his schedule to fit yours. Knowledgeable about lots of other topics besides Italian language and culture. You can talk to him about almost anything. Interesting person.
Super helpful professor, and clearly cares about the students. Antonio was always really helpful to me, especially when I struggled with the language. Awesome professor, highly recommend!
Idini is amazing. He is a great teacher and hilarious. I had Italian at 8am and even then I STILL enjoyed the class. He is always available to help you outside of class too. Over all, GREAT teacher.
Prof Idini is hilarious and wonderfully Italian. His accent and funny little actions are adorable and made me look forward to this class every day. There is a small amount of homework every night, a quiz every few weeks, and a midterm and final that are similar to the quizzes. Definitely not too hard, but make an effort to talk and attend class.
If you ever need help, in or out of the classroom, Antonio is always willing to assist.  He is funny, enjoyable, and will make sure you get everything, especially when you take advantage of office hours.  He is a great person andhis class is really fun.
Antonio is a great professor. He is very friendly and will go out of his way to make sure students are enjoying the class and learning the material. The class itself is very challenging and the textbook is pretty bad, but Antonio made it a lot better by being so friendly and funny. He also grades pretty leniently.
Idini is really fun, he has a great sense of humor. The class is fair, but challenging. definitely recommend it
Great teacher, very fun and extremely smart! Great class to take, learned so much!
Idini is really nice, but is a pretty harsh grader. He doesnt give out a study guide and it is difficult to learn the material for the tests since there is so much to know
1468879	Elena	Guerzoni	14
I'm not sure how she is for GE's, but for the major req. classes she doesn't use TA's and seems very enthusiastic about the course. She is very interested in helping all of the students succeed.
I have been at USC for three years and have not come across any other professors that are less willing to help a student than she is. She is very disrespectful when you e-mail her, making it seem as if she is to good for an undergrad to contact her and not her TA's. The class is pointless and I would not recommend it to anyone. Stay far away
figured out after the first exam that going to lecture is pointless. go to discussion sections and do the readings (around 10 pgs per unit) and you will get an A. quite possibly the easiest class at USC
Guerzoni is average. Her explanations is not as clear as TA. People talk about her accent, but it was no problem for me. No txtbk & you don't need to do readings. The disc/lab sections helped way more than lecture, & if you only go to lab, you're solid (lect not mandatory). 4 tests, no final. Content-kind of interesting. EASY A, REALY RECOMMEND.
incredibly easy GE. 5 homework assignments that take almost no time. 4 exams that are all multiple choice. If you go to class, you'll never have to study.
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR! She MISLEADS students with the curve in her class! She kept reassuring us that her class is curved on a generous curve, she DID NOT SAY that the curve was NOT one where highest student score=highest score possible. The curve is MEANT TO BRING YOUR GRADE DOWN. I ended up with a 94% in the class but I got a B+! BAD CLASS!!
She is SUPER nice, and the class is the easiest GE class i've ever had. Just pay little attention in her lectures, and you'll end up getting an A. there is no tricky questions on exams.
Worst instructor I ever had. She takes easy material and makes it sound harder to make it seem important when it's really not. She is very awkward in class and has a very thick accent. I can barely make out what she's saying, and her jokes make it even more confusing. Do NOT take the course with her. 
This is THE class for you if you have to take a GE! VERY simple, VERY fun, VERY interesting. It was awesome going to Barbara's labs on Fridays, where you basically understand everything better. This is a very fun class, and the exams were VERY easy. This was my last final last spring, and I can safely say it was the best for last.
She's totally awesome. She puts so much into preparing that it's impossible not to understand. If you happen to miss class, she posts the slides online and they're so clear it's as if you were there. She also met with me before the quiz and to answer all sorts of questions. I think I want to major in linguistics!!
She is so so extremely helpful. The material is not easy, but she explains everything so well that there's no way you'll come out not understanding. I attended all the classes, and I'm glad I did. She made several appointments with me, and was really nice about it. I wish all my classes were like this one.
She explains so well, and she's always available to answer questions and to make appointments. I really liked this class.
Guerzoni has a strong Turkish accent and a wierd sense of humor in class. Honestly the classes are easy, but if you're expecting easy A's then you gotta count on your TA's more than the Professor. Her powerpoint slides and notes will help your exams.
I have no idea what she is saying but as long as you read the slides and handouts you'll be fine. I stopped going to class except for occasional &quot;visits&quot; just to make sure there isn't a test coming up. 4 tests.. 4 hw assignments. Light work load. occasionally interesting but definitely EASY. NO ESSAYS.
850422	Remigijus	Mikulevicius	14
MATH 245 is a tough class, but he really wants you to understand the theory behind the math.  He's very smart which sometimes makes it hard to follow him, but I've heard that his office hours are very helpful (not that I go).  He's definitely better than some other math teachers at SC, and although it's hard, it's survivable with some work.
Good Professor. Has strong accent that is often difficult to understand. However, notes are organized. Very Helpful. Overall Good Professor. Some topics are confusing in lecture, but going to office hours really helps and he explains them very well.
He was reasonable, but rude a couple times. TA was horrible and it made relearning calc a difficult experience.. Work through the practice exam problems and trickier book problems
He's a good professor, and truly wants his students to do well. He moves EXTREMELY quick in lectures and sometimes his notes aren't very helpful, but overall he does cover the material well. Go to his office hours if you can, and pray that you get a good TA because that can make all the difference.
One of my favorite professors. He truly wants his students to learn the concepts! Goes through step by step without making us feel bothersome. Holds helpful office hours and appointments. Definitely recommend Professor Mikulevicius.
He has been one of my best professors.  His office hours are very helpful and if you can't make it to them, you can make an appointment with him.  His lectures are clear and his tests are fair (based/similar to homework assignments).  Great instructor overall.
One of the best profs for this class. Writes everything you need to know on the board and is more than happy to explain concepts during lecture. Has an accent and messy handwriting, but it's not too bad, and you get used to it. Goes through the material at a good pace. He definitely knows what he's doing!
Awesome professor. He's a genius, and he explains concepts extremely well--he knows exactly what he's talking about. He is also very approachable and friendly. Glad I had him for my first semester.
A little tough to understand at times but he communicates very well through writing. He is absolutely brilliant and loves his subject. I was extremely impressed when I found out he knew the name of everyone in our 40 person lecture. The TA for the class was also great and both of them put in the extra mile to help the students succeed.
The best math professor I have ever had at USC. He is very clear when he explains everything. He writes everything he talks about on the board so sometimes its hard to keep up, but class goes by pretty quickly because of this. He makes this class easy.
(Shy guy but a truly amazing mind)I went to class six times the entire semester, still got an A-. The book is all you need. His T.A. Leo is amazing.  There were 3 required homework problems a week, ten quizzes total, and two could be dropped.  The quizzes were the best thing ever.  Leo does exact examples before he gives out the quiz. Fair exams.
He's really nice and fair with grading.  I had a cool TA so the class was easy :)  The book is really all you need but the professor will answer any questions.
No Comments
He's a very nice and rather shy professor, but he can be hard to understand with his thick accent.  He was decent, but his TA was a jerk and made up the hardest quizzes possible, dragging all our grades with it.
887385	Sheila	Woodward	14
I use what Dr. Woodward taught me everyday of my professional life as a musician.  She's one of the very best professor's I have EVER had!
Love her!!!
Very organized, loves to use multi-media and be innovative in her teaching.  I found her very approachable and fair.
Dr. Woodward combines her practical experience in research and music initiatives with an outstanding teaching approach and an extreme dedication to students.  She is the greatest professor that I have had at USC, and is a wonderful model of what her students should be as music educators.
Dr. Woodward is an amazing individual. Her research is fantastic and benefits those who need music the most. She encourages innovative pursuits that can really help expand our musical endeavors.
Fabulous professor and generous with her time outside of class. Requires work and dedication, but well worth it.
Fantastic mentor! Raised my level of scholarship and helped shaped me into a much stronger researcher. Also helped provide international experiential opportunities far beyond the classroom. A true 21st-century professor.
Most incredible teacher and mentor. Love her!!!
The most inspirational professor I ever had.
I have my doctorate, and Dr. Woodward was by far the best professor I've ever had!!!
She is a wonderful educator and a real inspiration. I learn so much from her class and I wish more teachers would be like her. It is a hard class but if you do your work and put the time down you get an A! Totally worth it!
By far the worst teacher I have ever had in my entire life. Very unclear and judgemental.
Constructivst teacher. Lots of work but the payoff is worth it. Anyone that goes through her classes knows their stuff in the end.
AVOID
837947	John	Dreher	14
He's genuinely a nice guy who really cares about his students. Unfortunately, his lectures are very hard to follow and are usually boring. Despite that though, it's not hard at all to obtain a high grade from him since he grades high and has extremely forgiving curves.
Easily one of my favorite professors at USC. His lectures are admittedly dry, but he goes to great lengths to explain the material, and is extremely knowledgeable about what he teaches. I would highly recommend picking his brain if you're interested in increasing your breadth of knowledge regarding Enlightenment Era and 19th Century Philosophy.
Dreher is a very intelligent and kind man. He tries to make his class understandable, but does not realize that his monotone lectures are almost impossible to follow. There are only long and difficult papers in this class. He does his best to help you and explains exactly what he wants, but good luck getting there :(
Dreher may not be the most riveting but he is extremely invested in your success and will go to any lengths to help you out. I never once had to read the textbook because his notes were so thorough and I got an A-.
Dreher is incredibly dry. His presentation is not at all engaging, although he seems to care about the material he teaches. Nevertheless, if you sit in the back of the classroom you will likely see close to half the class on facebook, etc. 
At first this class was really dry and boring, but when we got more into the material he made it really interesting. His way of making it seem like he personally knows who he's talking about is amazing. I would love to take a class with him again. The books are only needed for the paper though as long as you go to class.
This is an EXTREMELY boring class. No powerpoint, just monotone lectures. Avoid at all costs, material is uninteresting and exams are difficult.
Do not take this class. He literally stands up there and drones on in the most monotone voice I have ever experienced. He seems like a nice guy, but his lectures are dreadful. I strongly advise you not to take this GE
He certainly made focusing during lecture hard. I always tried to sit upfront, just to force myself to listen, and to make asking questions easier. He was always happy to answer questions and usually did help when concepts were difficult. He didn't move too fast, and usually recapped at the beginning and end of each lecture. No ppt did make it hard
DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS! Go to one lecture and you'll know why. The most boring professor in history. Although very intelligent, you are expected to read a million books and understand extremely difficult concepts. He does not use slides or post notes on blackboard.  The material is dense and difficult. BEWARE!
Literally, to get an A all you have to do is regurgitate what he says in lecture and throw in a bunch of quotes from the book for the essays. Midterm/Final are literally just the study guide. Easy class, but even then you'll probably get an A- at best. He doesn't explain things very well and it's SO boring. Make sure to bring a wifi-enabled laptop
Sometimes hard to follow but a very helpful and easy prof. He knows you're taking him only for the sake of fulfilling GE requirement so he makes things easier for you. Pretty straight forward. Study the study guide and you're golden.
This fellow has a disordered philosophy.
No Comments
450823	William	Wagner	14
I never rate professors but I really wanna say something about this course. WORST physics course ever. He expects you to learn everything by yourself. I scored 5 on AP Physics but still suffer. Most of all, he doesn't explain anything, his lectures are superficial in that he can be self obsessed with a graph for 50 min. His tests are super hard.
Bad teacher!!Bad class! Don't take it!!
Don't ever, ever take his class!!!!! His lectures are helpless and all you have to do is to study by yourself through the whole semester!!!He doesn't even give us the solutions to the homework and exams!!!Bad class!Bad teacher!!ever, ever!!!
Tests are much more difficult than homework, most people don't finish them.  Office hours are good for an anecdote but not homework help. There are no answers or guides for the book, and numbers in the book are often wrong. Don't take it for an easy elective, it is hard, and there is little to no help to be found.
He’s a very kind man with a ton of wisdom, not just about physics but also about life in general. The people who think he’s useless are shallow and don’t yet realize that we’re all going to get old someday. I wouldn’t recommend this class if you never took basic physics in high school since this class is mainly just a review.
HIs lecture is not helpful at all. No need to attend class. He doesn't teach a thing on class and is hard to understand. You need to read through the text book to look for answers for the homework.
Don't ever, ever, take this class, unless you're a physics genius. You've been warned.
passionate about his subject but unfortunately this passion is not contagious. his speech impediment makes it really difficult to understand him and he is showing signs of alzheimers; will repeat things over and over (not for emphasis, however) and once he played a documentary for us during class, did the same thing 3 lectures later...
Don't take this class unless you absolutely get physics without any help. His lectures are useless, his tests are impossible, and you have to teach yourself everything from the book. Since he doesn't cover the concepts and formulas his lectures do not help at all. Just terrible.
Wagner is a nice guy with some interesting things to say, but he is completely useless as a professor.  The class consists entirely of him lecturing with no breaks for an hour and a half to two hours, and nothing that he says is relevant to homework or exams.
topics discussed in class are useless for exams but the material is easy. just keep up with reading and homework
This guy should collect his Social Security and Retire. Totally useless
He's a pretty nice guy, but he does have a speech impediment which makes him hard to understand. I also find that the material that he covers in class is useless in preparing for the tests. He does give a fair curve for the class though.
He is a very fair professor but he has a speech impediment which makes it difficult to understand him.
1276318	Edward	Rhodes	14
The class itself may be one of the easier GE3s but, be prepared to study a lot.  You don't have to come to class, the tests come right from the lecture slides.  Three midterms get considerably harder as the semester develops.  If you take is PassNo Pass you'll be fine but, very difficult to pull out an A.
Absolutely garbage professor. The course material is interesting, but class is absolutely unbearable. He makes every session awkward. Stopped going to class half way through the semester. The class is also really hard for a ge. All around terrible experience.
This guy is absolutely horrible. What a joke....His voice is also like nails on a chalkboard because he's always yelling his points at the class. I haven't learned anything. His explanations are a complete waste. He makes the class laugh at his jokes and TRIES to be funny. He cares more about being "funny" than teaching. Ugh.
Terrible class. There is an absurd amount of material. Each exam is about 15 slideshows, and there are 35-50 slides per show. Class consists of Rhodes reading every slide verbatim. He expects you to memorize everything written on the slides. He tries to be funny which gets really annoying after the first class. Nobody shows up, painfully boring.
He tries to make class as interesting as possible but theres only so much he can do. Lectures are mandatory but you can sleep through them and still do fine. There is a lot of memorization and the final is cumulative but its not that hard if you start studying a little bit ahead of time. From what I hear its the easiest GE in its category
Rhodes is a fun professor but the class is just painful. It's boring and a lot of memorization. Easy compared to the other GEs in this category but be prepared for a lot of memorization if you want to do well. Labs only meet once every other week and they are easy. 3 midterms, lowest one dropped, and 1 cumulative final.
If you are thinking about taking this class, think again.  Do not even think about it.  You may think that this class is fun but it is not.  Rhodes' jokes get old FAST and not to mention his tests are ridiculous. Cumulative final too which is so stupid because nobody could memorize all of the information in the class. Study Guides=worthless
Dr. Rhodes is pretty freakin crazy, which can keep the class interesting.  Like the others before me said, the midterms get harder as you go, so make sure you do well on the first 2.  Luckily, the class is curved, otherwise practically everyone would fail.
the class is fine, but he is crazy during the lectures.  my lecture was full of freshman and he loved it cracking ridiculous jokes.  unfortunately, if he just taught the stuff the lecture would be like half as long
Funny and nice, he really wants you to do well.  However, his jokes get old by the end of the semester.  He really tries to help, but the class can be SO boring at times.  Tests get harder as you go (3 midterms, 1 is dropped), so do well on the first few.  But they're pretty easy and the curve is great.  A pretty good GE.  Attendance helps.
He's really extravagent, but at least he tries to be funny. The class can be boring but the exams were exactly off the lecture and you get to drop one, they get harder as you go.
Rhodes is funny and quirky, although honestly I found that his shtick got old by the end of the year. The class will be pretty hard if you're not a science person, particularly towards the end of the year. However I'd recommend it over all the other Cat. III classes. He also curves really high which is nice. I didn't use the textbook once.
A really fun professor! Great at getting across information if you pay attention. If you go to class with your computer and play games the whole time, this class will be difficult. The test are one the powerpoint slides and the text isn't needed. The professor has a great character and if you go to EVERY lecture and pay attention, its an easy A.
The most hilarious professor I've ever had.  The tests are on the notes and textbook isn't needed.  If you memorize what he tells you to memorize an A is easy.
34386	Jerald	Jellison	14
Best GE at USC.
His psychology of social issues course is seriously all I could hope for from a GE course.  This guy comes highly recommended!
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
great professor. He is very clear, so as long as you come to class and pay attention and of course read, you will do great!
excellent professor!!! He cares about his students and it shows.
I live Prof. Jellison, and I really think I'm going to major in Psych because his class impacted me so much, I suggest you take a course with him, he's really great. He also makes an effort to learn everyone's name and he succeeds...
good stuff, but hard to catch on to. lots of homework but no textbook. take good notes!!
He changed my viewpoints in life! He's the bearer of truth re: cost/benefit analysis and behaviour & consequences.  Go with an OPEN mind. Hear him out. He has many great ideas.
No Comments
The nicest professor and genuinely interested in the students getting something out of the class. Great guy...
No Comments
No Comments
624956	Denis	Mitchell	14
i'm class of '05, don't remember exact courses but i took as many as i could. would have dropped out if not for dr. mitchell. his classes and teaching style helped me realize what i wanted to learn and always encouraged the pursuit of that knowledge. thanks for teaching me to think for myself.
Great guy, enjoyed his intro psychology class very much. I'm trying to get back in touch with him, so if you see this Doc (or if anyone knows his email address), please email me at: bheintz@usc.edu. Thanks!
Take it or leave it, Prof. Mitchell was a huge influence on me and a true mentor. I can't say enough about him. Eccentric, hilarious, generous, caring. I'm clearly biased. But he is a great prof. His Love & Attachment class was the best. Recommended!!
Mitchell is one of the most intresting professors I've ever had.  You learn a lot in his class and the material is actually really engaging.  He's incredibly offensive but in a harmless joking sort of way.  Take this class!
Learning & Behavior: his lectures are more of a personal editorial, learning more about his personal interests and beliefs than about psyc.  He's entertaining but some might find him offensive.  Tests are based on text, which he doesn't cover in lecture.  May as well stay home and read the text.
I took this class for a general ed requirement love and attachment. The teacher was extremely mean and rude to everyone in the class often calling us &quot;stupid&quot; and today he went so far as to call us &quot;****ing idiots.&quot; He had us do teacher evals which he did not respect at all and read them all himself proceeding to ridicule our opinions.
I loved his classes, You gotta read, but lectures are fun.
Doc Mitchell is awesome, definately one of my favorite teachers at USC. He's hilarious and well-versed in his field. Just make sure you read the texts for his class! That's what will get you a good grade; his lectures aren't always as important to test material.
No Comments
Dr. Mitchell was HIALRIOUS! He talked a lot about his love for beer, his wife (or ex-wife&#63;), and his life in general. GREAT teacher, but his exams are very DIFFICULT! You really have to STUDY and READ the BOOK!
Unless Psych 100 has completely changed in the last 4 years, Doc Mitchell is NOT easy!!! don't know who this person is that thought otherwise
any professor who makes statements such as &quot;the highlighter is the hallmark of aggressive stupidity&quot; and wears pink baseball hats is more than okay in my book.
I completely agree with the previous post.  Doc Mitchell is wonderful, as long as you go with the flow in class, and study HARD outside of class.
DOC MITCHELL IS A GOD!!!  The funniest, most intelligent man alive.  Doc has helped me be a better thinker--I have learnrd soooo much from him.  I ran to class everyday not to miss a minute of his lecture--TAKE THIS CLASS AND ANY OTHER CLASS THI MAN HAS TO TEACH!!!
1745557	Regina	Chopp	14
Probably the coolest and funniest prof I have ever had. Never taken a psych class before but now i'm switching my major.
Chopp was great and laugh out loud funny! Make sure you have a good TA as discussion is a large percentage of your grade. Lecture is somewhat mandatory because she includes small details on her test that you can on lecture, and her slides have blanks that will only be answered if you attend lecture
Awesome professor! Funny, charismatic, not afraid to make fun of herself or her line of work to get her point across. Lectures are great. There is one mult choice midterm, 1 mult choice final and a 5 page research paper on a subject you chose. You also have to do either jep or 10 credits of Sona-systems. GREAT CLASS I learned so much.
LOVED HER. One of the best psych professors I've had at USC. So funny, with tons of personal stories of her experiences working in the field. You can tell that she really understands what she's teaching. Slightly awkward office hours though, when I tried to get to know her better, doesn't seem as charismatic as she was in class.
AMaZINg PROFESSOR.  USC IS LUCKY TO HAVE HER, IM TAKING HER CLASS NOW AND SHE IS SO HELPFUL. SHE  is just a really good person . USC needs to make her the head of the psychology department or promote her or something, she deservers all the best in life.She has a very good HEARt. THank you for caring DR. cHOPPPPP!!!
I'm writing this review with a friend so our rating is a 10/10! She is the funniest, most charismatic professor at USC.. and in the WORLD. We could not believe that she did not have a chili pepper, so we were inspired to write this review. WE LOVE YOU DR CHOPP!!! She is so intersting and this is one class that you will never be tempted to skip. <3!
Awesome professor!
Dr. Chopp is literally the funniest professor I've ever had. You actually want to go to class and participate just to listen to her experiences in the field and funny stories. TAKE EVERY CLASS YOU CAN WITH HER. She's amazing and is super easy. I even took an 8AM because she was the professor.
Dr. Chopp's psyc class was very entertaining, even for a dinner-time slot. She included lots of personal stories, which kept me awake and engaged. Quizzes, equal to 1 exam, were take-home, open-book, and untimed! Exams not too bad if you attend lecture and stay on top of reading. Book was interesting, but long chapters. I'd take Dr. Chopp again!
Chopp is one of the best professors I've had so far: even at 8 am, very easy to follow (she's pretty young), and lectures are interesting and relevant. If you pay attention to the lectures, you can do well on the exam!
This class is extremely entertaining. She's hilarious! Memorize lecture notes and you'll do great!
I LOVE PROFESSOR CHOPP! she is absolutely hilarious. Her tests can be a little difficult, but stay on top of the reading and you'll be fine. Her class is the one i looked forward to. If possible, take one of her classes!!! you won't regret it if you have an interest in psychology!
I love prof Chopp. She is HILARIOUS and a great person. For a two hour lecture, it isn't that hard to sit through. If you read the book and go over her pp slides, it is not mandatory to attend class. online quizzes (easy) are 20% of total grade and 4/5 exams are counted in the final grade
Professor Chopp is awesome, her lectures are long but very interesting. She is hilarious which makes class much more enjoyable. She is totally willing to help you if you can find time to meet up with her. If you read the book you'll be good for the tests, but there is a lot of information, which means a lot of reading.
1002570	Marcia	Wilson	14
Dr. Wilson is AMAZING. She made a difficult class go by without even noticing that I worked hard for the A. She turns everything into a sex metaphor, which makes hard concepts very easy to remember. She's hilarious, dances in class, answers all questions, and clearly adores her job. Her energy is contagious, and she's just an awesome lady. TAKE HER
Absolutely great experience with professor Wilson.  She has a great way of teaching you the material in a sneaky sort of way. I got through the class with excellent grades and understanding the material without feeling like I actively studied. I learned through class and review activities outside of class. Definitely recommend this professor!
The best professor USC school of social work has. she is very helpful, open, enthusiastic and has a great self-esteem, you will not get bored in her class. I would take her for every class if she taught them:)
She talks SUPER FAST! She knows her stuff. Downfall: she doesn't provide ANY handouts or ppt presentation which makes it difficult to follow.
Don't fall behind! If you don't understand something, know that she will call on people and even if you don't know the statistical answer, volunteer and she will help walk you through it to help you learn.  Believe me, I know.  Fair grader if she sees honest effort to grasp the material.  She's tough but u will never forget her :)
Everyone was freaking out about Research before the semester started. But with Wilson, Research was one of my easiest, favorite classes. She makes the material very easy to grasp. She keeps your attention, makes jokes (oftentimes with sexual innuendos), she's super sweet and easily approachable for questions. She is an easy/fair grader.
Research is not an easy class, but for a 7 - 10pm class she definitely can hold your attention in class! Lots of study groups held outside of class before tests/quizzes, and 1 pg of notes allowed for each test :)
When she explains how she wants the papers and what's on the tests (what to study for), it doesn't match what she actually wants.  Cite everything because she doesn't want any personal opinions on your papers.
The material is too much, but prof. is clear about explaining it. Downfall is that she speaks too fast! Too much on test, too little time. Lit Review not too bad, a lot of research, second part is insane. Stating &quot;let the literature guide you&quot; is no help at all! which is all she says to help you. Wastes time 2 not let us out early!
Very hard class including exams and the research paper, byt she helps you understand the material. She knows her stuff and reviews drafts for your paper.
Love her teaching. Very clear and easy to understand.
Laid back and funny but also intimidating at the same time. She lovesss research and sometimes explains concepts really fast. But her examples are practical and wants to see her students succeed.
One of the best proffesors I had. Her style of teaching, clarity and knowledge made it so much easier to understand a difficult subject. She is very funny and willing to help her students understand the subject. Wish I had her for first year in research.
Has high expectations of her students but balances it out by being very available and giving detailed and clear lectures. Went out of her way to provide review sessions on the weekend for exams. Hilarious, intelligent, very knowledgeable, and most importantly knows how to teach the subject so that you understand. Great professor!
680784	Debra	Deliso	14
Debra has been the most influential professor and mentor that I had while attending USC. I highly recommend her Solo Performance class, it was by far the best class I took while attending school. Having taken all three of her classes I can honestly say that she will inspire you to grow both as an actor and as a person. Phenomenal professor!
Debra's improv class was a fun, challenging, and rewarding class. Great for beginners with no experience and even those with experience. You can see that Debra truly cares for all her students and does the most to help them. She is a great actress and instructor. Highly recommend you take any of her classes if you are a serious actor.
At first this class was intimidating, but Debra was so helpful and encouraging. I struggled with different ideas, but with her guidance I created a truthful, hilarious, and relatable story that the audience loved. Best class I have ever taken here at USC. I highly recommend this class. It pushes you to be a better actor and overall public performer
Fantastic class. Debra is a wonderful, supportive professor, who manages to create an environment for everyone to really let loose, and learn some fun improv. If you're shy and thinking about this class, just go for it. It's going to put you outside of your comfort zone, but by the end of the semester it'll be worth it. Be skeptical of bad reviews.
I took Debra's solo performance class and it was one of the most memorable classes I ever took at USC. As an instructor, Debra is engaging, patient, and extremely supportive and encouraging. She truly wants all of her students to succeed, and goes out of her way to help everyone do their best work.
Don't take her improv class thinking everyone can get A's. I had perfect attendance, participated, did well on the essays, and got 100% on the one test we had: B+. Theater's not my major so I took it as a filler, but her class actually lowered my gpa and there's nothing I could do about it. It was fun but I wish I took a phys ed instead.
For those looking to dip your toes in acting and improvisation, Debra's course is ideal for beginners. Debra is very encouraging and you will quickly develop a confidence of being in front of stage. The class learn lots of improv games which are fun and potentially challenging at times. Great course MUST TAKE!
Taking this improv class with Debra is LOTS of fun, and as a non-theater major, it was a great learning experience. As she says, nobody can teach you how to act; you have to teach yourself. Debra is there just to guide you in the right direction, and she does a great job!
You meet some great people in this class and will learn some cool improv games.  Debra is really nice, but I didn't feel I particularly connected with her. Easy journals assignments, 20 question midterm, final performance. If you're not too shy, it's a pretty low-stress elective.
If you want an easy A and don't mind performing in front of people, take this class with this professor! Just one midterm exam that is 20 questions that you can study 20 min before and ace it. Easy one page journals due at the midterm and final and two 2-page assignments. She is a nice professor who loves working with anyone.
Debra's classes are pretty pointless.  I got very little direction from her and dont feel stronger as an actor after having taken the class.  I do, however, know more about alternative medicine and chakras.  Not recommended.
Debra's classes are great because she is so eager to help you develop your acting skills.  She maintains a positive, respectful environment which is important when, as an actor, you must make yourself emotionally vulnerable.  Debra's classes are always supportive and fun.
No Comments
She's incredibly intelligent, & has alot to share & she's REALLY nice. many classes you're left watching  others being taught, your turns can be few & far between. i think sometimes her opinions about the scene infitrate her grading, but she still grades well. and don't expect to do more than 2 scenes over the course of the whole semester.
1334490	Jeffrey	Chisum	14
Best teacher ever! I have never improved in writing as much as I did under his tutelage. He was very engaging, writes a page of critique for every page you write and really cares about your writing. Definite suggestion for any option you have to take him. He's amazing, no joke
Awesome professor. Really nice and cares for students. Enthusiastic about course material. Leads interesting discussions.
Amazing teacher. For every 5-page paper I wrote, he wrote almost as much back in constructive criticism. He REALLY cares about his students, and knows how to teach. When I struggled with a concept, he worked it out with me and made sure I understood. Professors like him make USC the great University it is!
Dr. Chisum is a great professor. Writing 140 is a horrible pain of a class, but he does his best to make it bearable. I feel very lucky to have taken this class with him & will try to get him for 340 in the future.
loved him! so helpful, funny and interesting. not pushy and doesnt make you do stupid busy work like other writ140 profs. i came in knowing i was a good writer but he helped me fine tune further, and i ended up loving WRIT140... gasp! you will be very lucky to get him :)
He is a really nice guy and very good teacher. People said writing 140 was an impossible class, but I actually did pretty well. Always had a nice time in his class and his writing tips were always useful. Really recommend him.
TAKE his class!!!! He is the best. He is extremely friendly & helpful & nice. Even though writing 140 is a torture,he is the best prof I have ever had. He made 140 much much more tolerable. He cares about you. Seriously, take. his. class.
TAKE his class!!!! He is the best. He is extremely friendly & helpful & nice. Even though writing 140 is a torture,he is the best prof I have ever had. He made 140 much much more intolerable. He cares about you. Seriously, take. his. class.
Awesome professor and an awesome class. The prompts were always interesting and open, and Prof Chisum does a great job prepping you for each essay. Very helpful at conferences too.
he was my TA for GEOG 100gm.... hes very nice... and very helpful and understanding!
His writing prompts were challenging yet interesting. He was always encouraging students to meet with him to develop ideas. Was very helpful at conferences in terms of what direction to take with the remainder of the essay, and what changes to make. Very fair grader, open minded. Encouraged class participation, though attendance was not mandatory.
Favorite teacher! Take him for Writ 140- I am trying to get him for Writ 340 now!!! And he's super cute :)
Prof. Chisum is an awesome Writ 140 teacher! Attendance isn't mandatory but class size is small and there's a 10% attendance grade that can bite you in the ass if you never went to class. I was always at class and it bumped my B+ to an A=! I would totally take this teacher again!!! He is very helpful and helped me improve my writing. He's very fair
Awesome teacher has a great teaching method and he improved my writing tremendously.  There is a lot of work in his class though so be ready to work.
1357366	John	Strong	14
JJ is an amazing WRIT-140 instructor. Although most tend to think of the class as something of a chore, JJ is very engaging and does his best to help his students develop as writers. As long as you go to class, take his suggestions to heart, and are willing to work hard, the class itself is completely manageable.
JJ offers a challenging WRIT 140 course but is very encouraging and helpful. He makes class fun and engaging. Go to your conferences and make the improvements he suggests on your papers. Not going to class or completing drafts/tasks for peer-editing will only make the course more of a chore.
JJ is funny and makes class less dreadful, but it's writing 340. He is a pretty tough grader, but he makes it easy to be inspired about each paper. A really good guy.
Great teacher. He grades fair and if you listen to him you will succeed. Not an easy A but doable. Take his class.
This class was pretty tough, as it is supposed to be. He is also a very tough grader, and it is extremely difficult to get an A in the class. But he is very helpful when you go to appointments and is always available and your writing definitely improves with the class.
Tough grader, had a lot of trouble with his assignments because his expectations were never clear. This class is supposed to be a necessary evil and it was just that.
JJ managed to make a class that every USC student dreads into an interesting, insightful class. He's not easy, but he's a fair grader and will help you get a higher grade if you put in the extra effort. Best teacher I've had at USC.
He's fair. Really helpful. gives really good ideas for the essay. Conferences are useful. But strict about attendance
Tough, but fair.
I really enjoyed his class. The topics for his papers are interesting. He's very helpful in giving ideas and conferences are very beneficial. He makes himself available for his students when they need him. He is kind of a hard grader but never unreasonable and will go over his comments with you, which is really nice. I would recommend his class.
Definitely was a tough grader and expected a lot from students. He's really helpful when it comes to getting ideas going for papers but his grading is completely subjective in the end. He's not a bad teacher but you need super insightful and very well written papers to get an A in his class
He is a horrible teacher. His classes were boring and completely useless. He was so full of himself and obnoxious. Avoid JJ Strong - he is not a good teacher!!!!
He's a tough grader, but he teaches well and he's also really charismatic.

1850516	Alice	Bardan	14
Alice is a great resource (i.e. encourages divergent research). Whenever you pitch a thesis idea to her, she is enthusiastic. Alice expanded my horizon on pathos, so that I could write better page-turners. She motivates her class by letting them choose subtopics for each paper (take advantage of this!) Very generous with affirmation.
Bold strategy by USC hiring a woman that can barely speak English to teach a writing class. Her passion is clearly film, not English or history (the GE6 my class was associated with was on American history), so she tries to turn the topics into film analysis and critique instead of history papers. Make sure your argument fits her point of view.
One of the most generous graders, yet still sharp. Repeatedly commends and builds up
I was really surprised how interesting this class was.  Professor Bardan was extremely encouraging yet challenged us to learn the writing process.  My writing has definitely improved.  I enjoyed the class and would recommend it to anyone.
She is very passionate about writing and is a big fan of her students. She enjoys working with her students to ensure they put their best work into each paper.
Professor Bardan is a very genuine person. She really cares about her students and is willing to help when she is available. Some say that class doesn't help because she reads the essay prompt or handouts during class, so I strongly encourage you to talk to her in person. Strong argument in essay = good grade. 5 essays total.
Definitely one of the chillest teachers I've ever had. I've always been a good writer, but even so, Professor Bardan taught me new things and brought my writing ability to the next level. Definitely one of the nicest, most helpful professors I've had the pleasure of knowing. You'll love her, I promise5
The class really challenges you to think critically, but she is always there along the way. She is very available when it comes to helping and advising students. From her class I feel that my writing has greatly improved, in addition to my understanding of the process.
Dr. Bardan really cares about her students and works hard to make sure everyone's writing improves. She is a fair grader and is very available when students need help.
Prof Bardan is very concerned about her students and their well-being. She goes above and beyond to help you develop your writing skills and can help even someone who dislikes writing turn in a good paper. She can be a tough grader, but if you put in the effort to go to office hours and take her pointers seriously this class is manageable.
Not a big fan of writing myself but she is a good professor! Very fair with grading and is always willing to work with students.
Bardan is extremely helpful and works so hard to explain writing strategies in different ways so that kids will understand. The best thing about her is how she is always available to contact or meet with outside of class to help with your papers. She also writes herself so she teaches from experience. She is absolutely a great professor.
Connects with you on a personal level and teaches you how to engage the reader with drama. Okay with controversial theses and introduces ways to find good sources
Professor Bardan definitley has a good knowledge about film, movies and etc. But in terms of teaching writting, worest professor ever! She does not teach and is so hard to undertand. Dont even mention about the conference and office hour.
727533	Rose	Layton	13
Very helpful, but just ain't a good Professor. She is not a profession and those folks who took her class will know why. Not exactly an easy class, but not a tough class. It's the kind of class that you either get it or you don't. Overall, I would not recommend.
Professor Layton is a very approachable person. She also has a good sense of humor. Unfortunately, that's all the good points. Sometimes she stops lecturing and starts talking about her and her children's lives. I found most students were just scrolling their phones during class because half of what she says in class aren't relevant to the course.
She is one of the worst teachers I have had in the accounting department. She rambles on about useless topics the entire class rather than getting to the point and teaching the material.
Knows her stuff! Friendly! A great person to talk to about anything and is always there for her students. As long as you attend lecture, pay attention, and ask questions when you dont understand something its pure logic and memorization. AMAZING PROF
You either hate/love this class. Personally, I thought this class was easy because it's pure memorization. she even lets you bring in a cheat sheet the size of a cue card. Not sure why she is rated low on the easiness scale. Good class when you have a heavy semester. Exams seem logical, you don't really need to attend class to ace it.
The course is to get us prepared for the CPA exam. The materials are very useful, but the students have to really think deep on the regulations. The exams are really challenging but you'll learn a lot in this class for the CPA exam. She's experienced. Go talk to her more!
This should not be a hard class. The material is pretty basic. Your success in this class doesn't come down to how much you study, but rather how well of a test taker you are and how strong your reasoning skills are. Her multiple choice & true/false questions are worded ambiguously, and throws she throws in tricks, so beware of that.
Quite frankly, the worst class I've ever taken at USC thus far simply because it was: a) Boring b) Useless c) I learned absolutely nothing.  I may now be dumber after taking this class. For ex:  &quot;What is the independence stool&#63;&quot; (Who gives a crap&#63;) &quot;An auditor is supposed to be professionally skepitcal&quot;&#63; (DUH!) Endless memorization of nothing :(
I feel sorry for anyone who has to sit through her for 2 hrs twice a week.  She makes it feel like you're in there for a week.  Probably could teach all the relevant material in 45 mins, but she drags it out with her boring rants. Only thing I learned was to never take a class with her again!
The lectures and the case studies are easy to understand. In class quizzes are easy, but beware of the midterm and final. You MUST know the topics very well.
Rose is a really knowledgeable professor. She has a solid understanding of accounting principles and she can easily answer any difficult questions that you may have. Cliffs: purchase and READ the book, do the homework, print PowerPoint slides for class, ask many questions, and go to office hours! = A in class
She is good teacher. She explains everything clearly and answers all questions. The class is based on the book. So if you read and understand it all - you'll do fine on the tests.
No Comments
1798104	Anthony	Sparks	13
There is a lot of work for this course: reading responses every other week, midterm, final paper, a project, and attendance and write-up of a performance. On top of that, there is a ridiculous amount of reading in the beginning. That being said, EXCELLENT course, got so much out of it. AMAZING professor and EXCELLENT course. You get what you put in
Loved this class! Super interesting and he really cares about subject matter, your understanding. He comes off as strict but is a pretty easy grader. Theres only one test and then a project and paper. He just wants to know you are working and understand. He's a character and I could see how some people might not mesh with him but i loved this class
One of the best experiences I've had in a class at USC. Makes you think. A lot. That's a good thing. And yeah, if you don't read (not everything he assigns, but a decent chunk) you won't do well. Welcome to college. 
Nice guy but hard. He isn't clear and isn't easy. I've done more reading for his class than all my other classes combined. Take as PassNo Pass
He's an incredible lecturer but theres SO MUCH READING. Literally over 8 hours a week. But he's a great professor. It's worth taking the class if you have an absurd amount of time to spend reading.
Dr. Sparks opened my eyes to a lot of hard stuff I didn't want to learn at first. He's a great great person and teacher. You'll work but you'll learn if you want to.
one of my best experiences with a professor at USC. Knows his stuff, funny. Lots of sensitive subjects discussed but doesn't make you feel like a target, even when he clearly disagrees with you. will call you out though if you don't try to support your opinions with facts or readings. take him with an open mind and you will learn.
Sparks is knowledgeable but arrogant. He doesn't seem to have a clear course structure and laughs at awkward times. He assigns WAY to much reading that's impossible to finish. Overall the class wasn't easy but wasn't impossible. I learned some interesting things but I wouldn't take the class again.
Class gets a little off subject, but it was a super easy A. He gives a study guide which is all you need to know and tests are easy to do well on.
Professor Sparks is incredibly passionate and knowledgeable, personable, easy to approach, and to my surprise, the class was insightful and funny. considerable reading, but at least it's interesting. I learned sooo much!
A LOT of reading for this class, but is not all mandatory. His lectures are boring and do not seem cohesive and is unclear about the course goals. He assigns a lot of extra assignments that seem useless. When he talks, it's hard to take notes since he just keeps talking. Laptops are not allowed in the class. Overall, not the best class to take
Teacher is very enthusiastic about the subject. Most classes are pretty interesting. He assigns a ton of reading, but you don't have to read it to write any of the papers or study for the test. Overall very passionate teacher, and a pretty easy B
Very unclear about what he wants in his class...A LOT OF READING (apps 80 pages per night)...NOT EASY TO LEARN FROM...DO NOT RECOMMEND UNLESS YOU ARE A VERY GOOD SPEED READER
1417647	Janet	Levin	13
Professor Levin is so sweet and really wants to see her students do well. She also appreciates when students show interest in class and participate. The class required two papers and one take-home paper for the final. Papers were about 5-7 pages in length. Overall, a great class and a great professor!
Professor Levin is sweet, helpful and truly wants her students to succeed. She proofreads your papers for you if you turn them in early and she really appreciates it when her students participate in class. Take her if you get the chance.
Easy GE. Reading assignments at the end of each week but only need to do 10/14. 3 Papers each worth 20% of your grade and one take home final. Very hard to pay attention if you have no interest in this subject. No need to take notes she just explains the previous readings. People barely showed up for this class. Easy A
I hardly ever went to this class because it wasn't necessary and I have zero interest in philosophy, but professor Levin is an excellent teacher. She knows so much about philosophy and is really eager to involve the students in discussion. Take her class if you like philosophy or if you like getting easy A's.
Professor was decent. My TA, however, is by far one of the least helpful TAs I've ever had. I had to talk with friends that had other TAs like Keith for help. My TA's review session before the final was unhelpful; in fact, it wasn't structured in any way unlike say Keith's. My TA was Matthew Lutz. Know his name. Not bitter, just saying the truth.
This class does not keep many students' attention. I know many students that find the class not worth taking especially when we get graded pretty hard.
This class was very boring and she is not very organized. She never responds to your emails. I wouldn't take her again.
Puts all Powerpoints online which the whole lecture is based on.  Easy GE
Course material often requires reading more than once. Some concepts are difficult to grasp, but she is very patient in explaining. She repeats a lot so that you understand. Teaches off PowerPoint slides. Weekly responses, 3 take-home essays, and 1 final exam. Everything is graded by your TA.
The material for this class is quite difficult to understand. But Professor Levin is very nice and provides a lot of help because she cares about her students. Weekly assignments accounted for 10% of overall grade, two papers were 30% each, and the take-home final (which was another paper) was also worth 30%.
Professor Levin is truly one of the best teachers at USC!  She cares so much for her students and knows so much about Philosophy.  She has so much to offer and even though her classes aren't mandatory you actually want to go. Whoever said she looks like a lizard doesn't know what they're talking about and they're probably failing.
She's pretty nice, and tries hard to make the incomprehensible material clear. Only papers no tests... She does happen to look like a lizard though if that bothers people
Class is really slow, she basically goes over the same information that you read previously, and repeats obvious points. Some lectures are really interesting, but it's not a discussion, more of a sit and listen sort of thing...participation isn't part of your final grade.
389941	Naomi	Warren	13
I will be honest: she is the worst professor I have ever encountered. She never gives A to anyone, regardless of how much people try. Her grade scales are always ridiculous: minimum 70 maximum 75 for entire class. Takes favorites who are free to talk about anything they want during class time. Super unclear about assignments. Always lowers grades.
For someone with a PhD in communication Professor Warren is terribly unclear. She assigns things and only sometimes collects them, she expects us to read her mind, and she has antiquated knowledge of the business world. It's not difficult to get a B in the class but you have to put up with a stunningly bad teacher to get it.
IMPOSSIBLE to get a good grade in. Avoid if possible but mandatory for ACCT majors. She never gave reasons why you got a bad grade and often just gave everybody average without giving you a reason why.
She is a very hard grader, and a pretty boring class.  The lessons are not interesting and mostly common sense.  Don't take this class for your diversity requirement.
Didn't enjoy the class. Office hour visiting is useless. Never respond to emails. Didn't know how to study and improve. Not recommended
DONT TAKE WARREN. After many classes I left feeling discouraged and as if my hard work was never paid off. Warren is not very clear in her expectations on assignments. She gives you instructions on written memos, but they are general and vague. She is an incredibly hard grader, and she very RARELY compliments anyones work.
A very knowledgeable teacher but very hard grader. She pretty much checks every comma or mechanical error. She also cold calls on students and picks her favorites. Overall,NOT RECOMMENDED!
This professors writing class is horrible.  She barely teaches and regularly cancels class.  I didn't pay 20k a semester to have my classes canceled and told that I dont incorporate class lectures into essays when there are no classes to begin with.  She pretty much just gives everyone a standard B in the class.
I added the class at the latest time possible, and she didn't help me with knowing how to catch up with classwork at all.  She also assumes people know what she's thinking or about assignments beforehand. She's not good at answering questions clearly when you're confused. also doesn't seem to care that ppl come in late a lot.
while her grading seems fair, her attiude is snobbish at times and she acts as if she knows much more than what she knows.  trys a little to hard to be &quot;hip&quot; with students.  Wish that she spends more time with academics than business issues.
The class is readings-intensive, tests emphasize rote learning, lots of busy work, discussions confusing. Class sucks, but she's nice. Easy marker too.
Nice, class was way easy, but I didn't dig the $100 course reader
She is very intelligent, she will work your mind but well worth it. Everything she lectures on is in the now, not dated like many other profs I have had here. I give her a chili pepper because she is very very HOT ! Love looking at her!
500657	Parag	Havaldar	13
He's awesome and will help you with whatever question you have.  He's a very, very nice guy, and if you don't know the subject, you'll come out learning a lot.  His exams are brutal, but he curves them heavily.
Amazing Projects which are quite innovative and new. Projects are not repeated and there is something new every year.
Nice course, nice professor, learned a lot - got internship based on project
In-depth knowledge of the subject. The book is written by himself. Assignments and projects are fun. He makes the concepts very clear.
Has expert-level knowledge in his domain.  Expect to be challenged.  If you are a CS student with little/no background in multi-media systems, this class will be a lot of work.  In the end, you will learn more than you expected.
Very good professor. He put much effort to help students understand the content. The assignments and final project are quite interesting.
Very good Professor!!
wonderful professor. tremendous knowledge. easy going and classic project and assignments
Cool course, good prof, good assignments
Knows a lot, has tremendous industry experience and knows how to teach!
very nice and intelligent professor
No Comments
A knowledgable professor and a good speaker. He is able to convey relatively complex material in a way that is easy to understand. I highly recommend him!
1477098	Sanjay	Madhav	13
Decent professor decent class, better than most progeamming classes. 
The worst professor ever in USC. Do not take him 
Great professor, clear, easy to understand. Helpful if you ran into a problem. Good teacher overall. But, I feel like the lectures and lab did not contribute as much as I expected. Having previous understanding of the math involved from the CG class, and basic geometry from HS, I didn't learn much new. Labs were following a easy tutorial.
Sanjay's lab assignments are so well designed. The learning curve starts easy but ramps up as class goes on. Paying attention in lecture and studying outside of class is definitely needed for quizzes and midterm.
If you're a games major or interested in games, take Sanjay's ITP380 class ASAP. He teaches you material you need to know for interviews esp in linear algebra for games and programming. Can't give Sanjay higher than a 5 so time to rate him hot.
Sanjay is probably the best professor I've had at USC.  He really hit the nail on saying how USC math makes you hate math lol.  In fact I found out later on, all of the linear algebra I needed for industry was learned through this class.  Take this class very seriously because half the test questions are from interviews.
Awesome teacher, definitely deserving of his 5.0 rating.  He should teach other teacher's how to teach.
Sanjay is THE game programing professor at USC. His lectures are informative and he occasionally tells an anecdote from industry. His labs are well designed to build up the skills a game programmer needs.
Sanjay is a great professor who really helps you learn. His classes aren't tough to do well in but I learned more from him than any other professor at USC. He's really good at presenting material in a way that makes you interested in it and he gives you tons of resources to do well. He's also extremely accessible and helpful.
He's silly, comedic, and useful.
Sanjay is a great teacher and I think he is changing USC's games program for the better. It took me a while to figure him out, but now that I have, I have a ton of respect for him. Talk to him, listen to him, and realize that he is a nerd just like you and me - but a very knowledgeable. You won't find a better professor in the program.
Sanjay is an awesome professor .. His lectures can get boring, but still, pay attention because he gives you info you'll need for the test. The projects are fun and he is very insightful whenever you need help.
Sanjay provides insight into the wonderful world of game programming. His lectures are almost poetic in nature.  Sanjay's delivery is most appealing.  Unfortunately his teaching skill does not translate to SC2. He sucks at that.
498610	Michelle	Goeree	13
She is awesome. She was my fav prof at CMC. She is very clear on what she expects and you rarely need to refer to the text book because class notes are enough.
micro isn't that hard, but prof goeree makes her exams ridiculous. the average raw score on the first exam was 57%! she doesn't curve exams like she says she will and she's really stubborn about admitting her mistakes. good at explaining ther material, but not a prof that's admirable outside the classroom.
explains things well in class, writes clear notes on board, very hard to get help outside of class, extremely stubborn and unwilling to admit mistakes. seems to be afraid that students won't respect her because she's such a young prof, so she has a somewhat uppity attitude.
exams are very difficult, but curved. not very accessible or helpful outside of class. writes very clear and complete notes on the board that you just copy down. problem sets are easy and boost your grade. overall, a very good prof.
prof goeree is the best micro prof at cmc. she gives very clear explanations and writes terrific notes on the board. problem sets are fair and not  overly hard or long. the midterms are quite tricky and very difficult, but she curves them so it's not too bad. class is usually relatively enjoyable. highly recommend her. hooray for goeree!
SHE's the BEST PROF!!
very good professor. notes on the board very clear.
She's so nice and cute, and explains things very well, writing all the important things on the board.
I didn't read the textbook, everything was clearly on the board.  At least you should get a B if you just memorize the notes.  What got me and my friends was we didn't do enough practice problems.  To get above the mean, you had to answer the application problem correctly.  Do a lot of practice problems and you'll do fine.
Really good professor, but the class was hard. She's really helpful in class and in office hours. Explains things very well. Very clear. Don't need to read the books. Sometimes the problem sets would be confusing. Tests were a breeze.
Not a lot of work, only a 3 problem sets and 3 tests.  Very clear lecturer, you don't need to read. that said, the tests are hard.
WORST ECON CLASS I'VE TAKEN AT CMC!!!
she's a great prof. I didnt wanna take econ 101 with teeples nor wright so i took her, she's really helpful in office hours. you dont have to read for her class. all's in the lectures and she writes all her notes NEATLY on the board awsome prof!
1870428	Ratika	Narag	13
Very nice lady, great personality. However she does go really quickly in lecture and expects students to know everything, but if you want help and really ask for it, she will give it to you. Attend all lectures and practice hard and you will get an A. Class is curved. 
Shes cool she makes a good effort to help her students.  Class is really easy barley studied and still got a B+ easy concepts. Take it if your interested 
She's extremely down to earth and the best ECON professor you're going to get. Study, attend the lectures, and ask questions and you will pass. Great Professor.
She's a good professor and forces you to actually think and understand the material rather than giving you all of the answers with no effort. The tests are easy, the class has a generous curve, and she is very generous and helpful to students. if you are dumb, you will probably find this class difficult
Prof. Narag is cool! Yes, Econ414 is hard but she knows her stuff, its obvious that she loves econometrics. She has an awesome personality and is funny…one of the best profs in Econ dept. You have to attend lectures as she does most examples in class. 2 midterms, 4 hw & final, very generous curve. Highly recommend this class.
Lectures don't cover anything, slides are shallow and confusing, no textbook is provided for reference, no exercises are posted...there's nowhere to go for basic info!!!  Ended up getting most of my info through a youtube channel, class itself was useless.  That said the curve is supposed to be generous.
Prof Narag's favorite phrase is "practice" but she gives barely any practice problems(only before exams) and the homework is short & difficult. Solutions to both are scarce and unexplained. I stopped going to lecture entirely and started reading the book and slides instead(slides are hard to follow). Good grades are very possible with the curve.
She is a good teacher. I can see where people may think that she  says everything is easy and wants you to try for yourself, but really is she just helping you in the longrun. This class is HARD, its supposed to be. But when you put in the work and work outside the class you will learn valuable knowledge. I highly recommend this class
She's better as a mentor than as a professor. I had a hard time keeping up in the class and she's definitely very sarcastic. But she's got a lot of personality and the curve ends up making a good grade totally possible.
Very very intelligent individual, absolutely horrible teacher. She tries to be personable, but she flies through examples in class, and will never help you. She says come to my office hours and puts on a facade that she will help, but will just sit there and tell you to try it yourself, even when you have no idea what to do. Lenient curve though!
Very thorough explanations of concepts, and I appreciate that she acknowledged that the course was difficult. Tests were extremely fair--I think she designed the best tests I have taken. Really valuable learning experience overall, even though it was difficult I enjoyed the class. She is very enthusiastic about econometrics & is very accessible.
Narag says that this class is the easiest class to get in A in, which couldn't be further from the truth. She does try to be helpful, but her lectures are all over the place. She never does any real practice problems, and the mock midterms that she does give look nothing like what's on the actual test
She was very annoying, and kept telling us that this class was "easy" and that she was moving really slow. In reality, she made zero sense in lectures (and I attended 90^ of them) and constantly made us feel stupid with her claims that the class was easy. Her only saving grace is that the curve huge (on account of general failure) Avoid her.
597282	Muhammad	Sahimi	13
He is excellent
He knows the material well. He is also a good teacher, encourages questions and answers them well. That being said, he has a TERRIBLE attitude towards teaching. He believes that students have to be scared in order to study, and he does this by humiliating everyone when he hands back the midterm (I took 3 classes with him, always the same speech)
Good teacher with a moody temper.. If you don't want to be humiliated, don't complain . There is so few people can acquire a score over 60.. The only known one is his TA. If u want to challenge, come here and learn about sahimi scalar's specific fluid.. It is hard than your expected. Don't expect to learn anything from the class but your effort.
Tough professor, but knows his stuff. Yells in class, won't share lecture notes, freaky about attendance
He teaches from Grad. level to Undergrads.! Just check with students!!!! I don't know what the hell is happening in USC that the materials for grads and undergrads should be the same in this professor's courses! HWs are exteremly difficult. Biased grading . If he likes you are A otherwise God help you. Avoid him especially if you are undergrad.
You really should avoid him
Worst professor ever. Impose a lot of stress on you.....Avoid him.
He is arrogant and impose a lot of stress on you.
He is a very knowledgeable professor and I learned a lot. One of my best professors I ever had in terms of being clear and nice presentation. However, he is scary. Nobody dares to ask him any question because the result would be your humiliation in front of others. He is also moody, one day happy and the other not -unpredictable- :)
Stress and tension.
Worst professor of my life. Avoid him if you can.
Sahimi is a hard professor. His tests are difficult but learning experience is positive.
Pompous, arrogant, and an otherwise incorrigible person.  Grading was biased, class was poorly taught, and answers to math questions were subjective.  Avoid like the plague.  Not for the faint of heart, just wait until he gets on one of his half hour scream sessions.
1293936	Todd	Lukesh	13
Highly recommend Prof Lukesh.  Worth the effort in a difficult class.  A lot of valuable information to take away.
Good guy. One of the most interesting and valuable classes I have taken at USC. I highly recommend Lukesh
Dr. Lukesh has a vast amount of knowledge in sustainability and its application to the built environment.  His course goes into depth of how green building is critical to the industry's success.  One of the best classes at USC.  Wish USC would hire more professors like him.
Great professor.  Wish more profs like Lukesh taught at USC.  Highly recommend his course.
Prof Lukesh spends a great deal of time on his lecture preparation.  Provides a solid education in the classroom.  Some of his labs seem meaningless at first, but make a lot of sense toward the end of the course.  I would highly suggest his class...best Prof on campus.
Lukesh is fun, laid back, helpful and knowledgeable.  I wish more professors at USC were like him.  I highly recommend his course.  Best teacher on campus!
Prof Lukesh is a great professor. He is knowledgeable, intelligent, well traveled and experienced. I would recommend him to anyone interested in sustainability, design, BIM and construction.  He is passionate and helps inspire his students to want to learn more.  His class is one of the most exciting in the Civil Engineering department at USC!
Professor Lukesh knows his stuff.  Good education and practical industry experience provides his classes with a solid education.
Professor Lukesh has a fantastic amount of real-world knowledge that he is able to bring into the classroom to compliment the course learning objectives.  He has knowledge on all subjects related to sustainability, design, construction, innovation and technology related to the built environment.  I would recommend Prof Lukesh to all students.
Great course. Prof Lukesh has great real world experience that he regularly brings into the classroom discussion.
He's tall and cute.  keeps class interesting with real world knowledge.  I would recommend Professor Lukesh to anyone interesting in sustainability.
Professor Lukesh kept class interesting and shared his knowledge in a way that was useful and entertaining.  I'd recommend his class to anyone looking for an in depth study on green building and trying to pass the LEED AP exam.  He is fun and he's tall!
Prof Lukesh was great, fun, humorous and very knowledgeable on sustainability.  I would recommend this instructor to anyone interested in areas related to sustainability.  Difficult exams, but excellent preparation to pass the LEED AP exam. I passed the first time! Good field trips. He's cute...
826259	Scott	Paterson	13
I had a pretty good grade in this class...probably would have gotten a B+ by the end. I still dropped it mid semester. What does that tell you? This was such a bad class I couldn't take it. No one got an A on some of his tests. So the idea is: "you get your good grade because I gave it to you on a curve, not because you earned it." Despicable!
Class based upon pop quizzes(1 a week), 3 midterms, and lab. Pop quizzes: not always easy points. Labs: may be free points if time spent to look over them. 3 midterms: kinda hard. No matter how hard you study, there will always be questions that you don't know. But if you pay attention to lectures, you may be recall professor mentioning certain Qs.
One of those professors you should avoid at all costs. I took him last semester and he just rambled on and on. He doesn't stimulate interest at all.  If you are thinking about going to USC, I'm starting to believe that people should avoid the school in general. I'd say 75% of my professors have been as bad as Patterson. Unacceptable for USC!
Prof. Paterson seems like a good professor, but he missed a good portion of the semester to go abroad. Unfortunately, most of the students in the class are taking the course P/F, so not a lot of students show up to lecture. He is a nice guy though, and very well-versed in the subject material.
Pretty easy class with a helpful grading curve. Assigns four books but doesn't test on them. All tests are T/F, multiple choice. Labs are extremely easy and the TAs are all great. Boring lecture.
This class is super easy and Paterson is a great prof. He is the type of teacher who really wants his students to do well and will help you get there provided you show up to class. The labs are a joke. All the notes are posted on Blackboard and he will curve the class quite a bit at the end. I definitely recommend this GE!
Ridiculous. Dumbs down everything in lectures making you think the tests will be really easy. They aren't and they often didn't correlate with the lectures. Class itself was a joke. Most people didn't go; there was no point because he just read his powerpoint slides (which he posts on Blackboard) to us. Lab is easy, though.
Make sure to check your blackboard grade and manually add up the points. Prof Paterson made mistakes on mine and luckily I went in to see him, otherwise he would have never caught the miscalculation. The difference was a third of a grade (i.e. from a B/B+).
Lectures straight from powerpoints (posted on Blackboard). No reading- don't buy the books. Exams VERY straightforward:MC and T/F (50 questions). No final, 3 midterms, labs easy, no papers, no field trip, he'll tell you whether or not something will actually be on the tests.
Heartless.
Displays a strong bias toward certain students in class and has a tendency to say one thing but do another.  I would strongly suggest you only audit this course if that is possible.  Don't put yourself in a position to receive a grade from this professor.
The exams suck, are hard, makes the class out to seem easier then it really is.
I WISH ALL THE PROFESSORS WERE LIKE SCOTT. HE'S VERY CLEAR, ENERGETIC, AND COOL PERSON.
154344	Anthony R.	Fellow	13
This course was the intro. course to the journalism major. I think he lectured well, as well as bring in nice guests. I think he grades fair, and utilizes the TA's well. However, he doesn't teach at USC(CSU-Fullerton).
Outstanding professor
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
Great video and lecture on Watergate today.  I've learned more about American history than in any other course.  Great professor.
Was this American History or History of Media&#63; I don't think I'll need to know much of what he expected us to learn for his tests. Powerpoint notes straight from website, paraphrased from poorly-written &quot;book.&quot; Self-aggrandizing. Scattered.
Worst Class Ever. He cannot teach; his book is full of not only typos but 4th grade history; he reads directly off of his poorly made PowerPoint bullet points. NOT AN EASY A! See the class grade sheet on his website to find the class averages. BAD!
He has the know-how, but lacks teaching ability.  You need a background in American History to understand and appreciate the course.  Good theory, but definitely not worth the 8grand a year...
Fellow barely has the ability to form complete sentences. If you enjoy hearing a has-been journalist mumble about nothing, then this is the class for you.
In a class that many consider a joke, you actually should read his typo-filled text in his class, which he wrote himself.
1307922	Michael	Du Plessis	13
Michael Du Plessis is one of the sweetest men and best professor I've ever had. He is so funny and is a brilliant man. He is quiet and kind, and if you are willing to learn, he is truly a resource. He makes his courses interesting, and I found myself going into his office hours every week looking for stimulating conversation. Best man I've met here
The professor is unbelievably generous with his time.  He really helps you with your essays.  Although there were a few students in the class who were very rude to the professor, he managed them very well.  You cannot go the USC and miss taking a class from him.
So entertaining. A good amount of reading, but the texts were all very interesting (including a graphic novel and a comic strip) so it was easy to keep up. Incredibly easy grader as well. Best GE I've taken thus far at SC.
VERY rude and not open to other views. His class was an extreme struggle for me and he constantly put me down and made me feel stupid. Ironically, I got an A... I don't get it.
Michael's tattoos and aesthetic choices are interesting, unlike his lectures and his input. He's not open to other interpretations/perspectives so if independent thought and/or academic exploration are important to you pick a different class. Often late, always unorganized. Misses class because of his ill cats. A spectacular disappointment.
Constantly late. Unstructured, rambling class discussions. Didn't learn much. Cool style though, he has great earrings, a silver nose ring, and numerous tattoos. If you are seriously interested in English literature, I would recommend you take this class with a different professor.
He is a very easy grader. This is the type of class that you can slack in if you want, choose not to do the reading if you want. He lets you resubmit essays if you're unsatisfied with your grade, but I got A+s on 4/6 writing assignments so never did. He lets students lead the discussions and there are no quizzes. Very understanding, and nice guy.
Prof. DuPlessis was the best professor I have ever had at USC. His lectures were clear, logical & entertaining, & everyone was sad whenever he cancelled class. You could basically mind vomit for the papers & get As. His tests were open-book/open-note passage analyses. He loved people who spoke up in class, & has the coolest tattoos & wardrobe EVER.
Yay I love Professor Du Plessis! He is seriously amazing! His lectures are fascinating and engaging, and the format of his class is clear and direct. He is basically a super nice prof with a great sense of humor, and is always willing to help you out. Very excited for his science fiction class!
HE. IS. AMAZING. I would highly recommend taking any of his classes. He always lets people rewrite papers. He's really nice and a totally awesome guy. Definitely going to be taking more classes with him!
Don't believe the chili. He is not a babe, though he has very interesting tattoos. Rather unlike most English professors, he lectures for 90% of class time in a very monotonous voice so if his lectures were interesting, I hardly heard any of it. I had to start bringing my laptop to stay awake. I hate to say this; he's super nice! Easy class though.
Very good professor! I initially went into the class not too thrilled about the material, but he proved to be one of the best professors I've ever had. I will be looking forward to taking some of his other classes in the future, and I highly recommend him!
Coolest effin dude ever.  Has tattoos everywhere, looks like a comic book villain.  Totally interesting and he is A GENIUS.  Go to his office hours just to chat, and he will open up a world of information.  I could no more highly recommend a literature professor.  He is a diamond in the rough.  I wish he taught more of my classes.
21978	Charles	Lanski	13
Tricky, confusing, making easy stuff difficult, helpless lectures, that's it. Maybe a good mathematician, but not a good math teacher. 
This is the worst teacher I ever had at USC. He is so bad. Do not take him!! I go to his office hours and he spends more time yelling at me than helping me, and he is always unclear.  I used to love math and now I hate it. He is really quiet in lectures and stands in front of the board so you can't read anything. His examples are really bad too.
Professor Lanski is very unclear in class. You have to make sure you sit at the front to be able to interpret his small and messy handwriting. Use the textbook!! You need to teach yourself most of the information from the textbook, as half the time Lanski doesn't know where he is going with his examples himself. Also, tests in nearly every dis.
The class is very theoretical, abstract, and difficult. He is quiet and difficult to understand. If he skips a whole bunch of steps and you ask how he got something he will reluctantly explain to you what "you should remember from calc 1" or "earlier in the semester". Keep up or get left behind. Doesn't give lower than a C though.
Avoid him at all costs. He is a terrible Calc I teacher. I went into his office hours and he went on a 30 minute rant about the importance of math without answering a single one of my questions.
So glad to be done and not have to take a class with this guy ever again...  Avoid if possible
He is very theoretical and for Calc2, his tests are in another world compared to other Math126 professors. If you go to his office hours he's a decent guy who will try to help but he's so theoretical that it just gets you confused. His tests are INSANELY HARD so just avoid taking him!
do everything in your power to avoid getting in this guy's class. i stopped going to lecture and all of a sudden my grades skyrocketed. good luck trying to learn taylor series from him. or passing his exams.
He didn't explain it well at all, and the concepts were extremely abstract. Passed with a C+ but after a lot of work.
His tests are practically impossible.
Explains only in abstract, using the definitions. No examples given.
painful, talks too fast, will get at least a C...if you can last till end of sem
goes too fast, hard to catch up if u fall behind
531177	Jon	Burlingame	13
He is the best. I can't wait to take another one of his courses. Just 2 tests and a film music analysis. He is the biggest journalist in film music and really knows his stuff. Much respect for this homie. 
He is one of the greatest professors at USC. I took his classes for both film music and television music and both classes were extremely helpful, even though you may not be particularly interested in film/television music. He is very fun, knows what he's talking about, and motivates his students to go to his lecture. Highly recommend his classes!
Great professor. He's super passionate about what he teaches and makes the class super interesting. You basically watch TV during the whole lecture. You don't have to read. 1 midterm, final and term paper. You get a whole page of notes front and back on the midterm and final. This class is so easy and interesting! TAKE IT!!
Really good class. As mentioned, watch TV show clips, etc., all class. Reading not required (but I did buy online book). Page of notes for test. One essay. Cool guy.  Feel like I learned a lot about music on TV.
Great teacher, understanding and down to earth and funny! You watch clips of tv shows. Midterm and final are allowed one page front and back of notes. attendance is pretty important because thats the only place you will learn the material. Midterm and final are in written form. One 2000 word paper is also assigned
Really enthusiastic teacher. Sit in class and watch movie clips. Incredibly fun and interesting. Tests are fact based, taken directly from his mini-lectures before clips. Very helpful for guiding students for careers in music.
Took him for &quot;Music, Television, and American History,&quot; he's a great teacher and a great guy. Very funny in his sarcastic, snarky humor. He's awesome and really knows about the history of music on TV and knows how to portray it in a fun way you can learn from!
Took him for &quot;Music, Television, and American History,&quot; he's a great teacher and a great guy. Very funny in his sarcastic, snarky humor. He's awesome and really knows about the history of music on TV and knows how to portray it in a fun way you can learn from!
Cool professor. funny at times and knows ALOT about film music. class is watching film clips and discussing the film scores. 1 midterm (fairly easy), 1 film score analyzation paper, and 1 non-cumulative final. no homework, no quizzes, attendance isnt mandatory but he tests on material from every class. reading isnt too necessary. is only in fall.
Great class...you get to watch music clips from television the entire show! 1 paper...2 midterms with notes!
great teacher! he really knows what he is talking about and is passionate about film music! i wish all professors would make class this interesting! class consists of watching movie clips and discussing scores from early 1900s to present day.
No Comments
No Comments
704271	Richard	McIlvery	13
Although it appears that I gave Richard a medium review, he is SOOOOO helpful when you go to his office hours. Sometimes the material doesn't translate well to a powerpoint and you just need to see the technology up close. ONLY gives multiple choice tests and 1 assignment. Ultimately pretty easy and he really does grow on you. 
He has some of the most experience in the industry of any prof and it definitely shows in his knowledge of the course. However, he is extremely opinionated and makes the class about his accomplishments instead of the material. Most of the class is spent talking about his work and then quickly reading off the powerpoint. Knows a lot, can't convey.
The man has a stellar resume and tons of career experience. He is very knowledgeable of everything he talks about. The only issue is he doesn't let you do anything hands on, he is very negative and pessimistic about career opportunities in music (there is a difference between being honest and constantly being dark). He can be very unapproachable.
He is an extremely boring lecturer, and he repeats jokes and stories all the time. A lot of his information is outdated (old dog) and he isn't helpful at all when it comes to the final term paper (he doesn't even grade it himself)
repeats himself several times a class without noticing it, uses the same jokes over and over and over, his information is outdated.... but he's funny and the class is still interesting. easy a and a necessary precursor for the music industry
Not a good professor.  He basically stands in front of the class and talks for 2 hours.  Very little student input is promoted by this professor.  He tries to make the tests hard when the material isn't that hard at all.
Overall pretty good class. He tells TONS of stories that sometimes help the lecture and sometimes just draw it out. Midterms were more difficult than I expected but the final was super easy. You just have to know the terms that he goes over in class.
Man oh man, is Dick a terrible professor. He LOVES dropping names, and his benchmark for professional success is how much money someone makes. He gets details wrong when lecturing (like the length of the Sonny Bono Copyright Extension). The worst prof I had at USC.
Interesting teacher and class. Not &quot;hard&quot; but will nail you on excessively detailed tests (memorize the minor points and footnotes). Overall good class, but was surprised by the grading. You don't get much of a sense of the requirement expectations in terms of how you will be graded. Useful information in the class though.
Truly one of my least favorite teachers of all time.  Obnoxious and uninteresting.  The class is painfully easy, though.
Pretty good as a teacher, makes class so much fun! Obviously has lots of experience in the industry, though he tends to name-drop a bit too much. Overall great though, I've had him for two classes so far and they've been great. As far as 270 goes, you NEVER have to read the book! Just pay attention in class and he'll outline it all for you.
No Comments
No Comments
1646464	Evan	Hughes	13
Evan is an approachable and clear thinking professor who is ruthlessly fair. What I like about Evan is that he evaluates individuals based on their own merit .His readings were all online.  He does not do a lot of technical hand holding but helps you to craft your concepts. This class gave me design tools (AI, After Effects) .
Don't take this class unless you're a MAP student and you have to take it. Evan is not bad, but this class sucks. Tons of reading response every week, no rest and they are drill. You can't expect to learn real Adobe software skills from this class. Grades are hard, too. So disappointed.
Really cool and passionate guy. Made me think about media in ways I never had before. Projects can be a little demanding for a 2 unit course but overall I think it's entirely worth it. Without a doubt one of the better classes I've taken at SC
Very good professor. Willing to help and always liked to bounce new ideas for projects. He knows what he's talking about but sometimes get convoluted. He's very approachable and very flexible with deadlines.
Good teacher that knows what he is talking about but sometimes hard to follow in class.  However, he is helpful when it comes to assignments and projects. very open and flexible
Professor Hughes opened up my mind to many interesting concepts in digital media. He's very passionate about what he does and is never reluctant to reach out to his students. He offered us each 1-hr appointment with him so we could revise our project and get better grades. I'm a business major, and I definitely appreciate his passion in teaching!
Evan is chill and nice. It was his first time teaching 104 and I thought he did a pretty good job. He has really interesting things to say but he is completely unhelpful about teaching the software component of the class so you're on your own there. Also he comes down pretty hard on kids during their presentations but then grades them easily.
Hughes is chill, he's passionate about what he does and this translates into high expectations from students. He's friendly, easy-going/flexible, and not grade-oriented. IML is hard, content and little time means you have to rush thru everything. Class goes fast and you end up hating the class because there's no time to really understand it all.
Hughes tends to go through everything very quickly because there's always too much to cover in one class. The material is very useful for learning about computer programs, but is much more coding-based than I thought. He's nice, but expects a lot of students. No readings or essays, just computer projects.
Hes super cool and chilled, definitely recommend this class. It's a lot of fun and you learn a lot about computers. There are several projects but no real homework or mid terms or finals!
He's a really cool teacher and if you do the work, know how to use a computer, and show that you tried he will give you a good grade. The class is really fun and interesting! I would definitely take this class again!
One of the best classes I've taken at USC!  Hughes is a great professor-- really interested in what he teaches, and really helpful for the students.  The material is interesting, and you learn a lot of very useful skills.  You get out of the class what you put into it, but you can't ask for a better diversity class.
Really great class, you can do as much or as little work as you want and still get a decent grade. Hughes is a really cool professor who is always willing to help and is really helpful. Definitely recommend this class!
797069	Dennis	Nemeschansky	13
 Physics 135 is the easiest premed course at USC especially if you have taken AP phys B. His tests are very straight forward and he has several practice tests. He teaches from scratch by solving problems. He is very nice on tests. If you deserve it, ask for a regrade he is usually lenient. Professor N. teaches and looks like a scientist.
He's great. Tests are fair. Not super easy, but not that hard either (he's not trying to trick anyone). His lectures are really good; I actually understand physics after taking with him. Take A & B with him if you can
Nemeschansky's alright, his lectures are boring but helpful because he's formulaic: he teaches the concepts, derives the formulas, and does many in-class examples. I found the midterms to be easy, but the final was very difficult. Work through all the book problems, SI problems, and practice exam problems, and you should be fine.
The exams were very difficult and the grading process seems arbitrary.
bad...hard midterms, hard final
Attendance is really helpful as he teaches from scratch, writing on the blackboard, so you can understand everything. He also does example problems that are helpful. Weekly homework assignments, two midterms and a semi-cumulative final.
Dr. N is very fair in terms of the material he places on the exam - he writes his tests so that it is highly likely you've seen a similar type of question before.  Aside from the material, he's also hilarious.  He spends a bit too much time on formula derivation but overall is a solid professor.
Really fair professor! He really tries to make physics understandable and his lectures clear.Physics is a tough subject but Nemeschansky makes it tolerable.He also is quite funny at times.
Prof N is a great teacher, and he's also one of the nicest science profs I've had at USC. Although physics is not my thing, I enjoyed this class. Also, he's quirky and often very, very funny
bad
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
1281932	Werner	Dappen	13
One of my favorite professors I've taken in college. I hate physics, literally hate, but he really related to us that he knows its tough material and while it was difficult class, going to his office hours, and getting to know him have a HUGE payout. I still keep in touch with him today. I also have never "rated" a professor, only for him I would.
He is honestly the sweetest professor I've had at USC, I loved taking his class! I had been dreading taking my science GE, but he made the experience so much better. He really likes what he teaches and is always willing to help. Material is not complicated , he drops lowest exam grade and gives good reviews. Would definitely recommend this class.
Professor Dappen is a homie. Favorite teacher so far at USC. The material isn't too hard but it is more difficult than I was lead to believe from other posts here. Three midterms (lowest one is dropped) and a final. Tests are all multiple choice.  Lab is easy. Go to his office hours with your test if you need him to help boost your grade.
Dappen is the sweetest professor who and is truly passionate about the material. I'm not into physics at all but thought it was interesting just because he was so into it. Gives out homework answers in class but attendance isn't mandatory. Also drops your lowest midterm grade. Great GE3 and Dappen is the best. HIGHLY RECOMMEND 
The midterms and final are easy as long as you put the time into doing the homework problems and past exams. Not so clear in lecture, but great during office hours. Very nice guy and will always try to help you succeed in the class. He's also generous on regrades for exams.
He is great because he is accessible to students and is enthusiastic and willing to help. Thats the best when it comes to pre-med classes. He encourages regrades and doesn't penalize you for them. Office hours are helpful.
He is often inconsistent in the materials. His accent is also hard to understand.
Seems to be funny and friendly. But if you ask questions, he can go off track without giving  direct answers. :-( But the grading seems easy.
Dr. Dappen is avery nice person. He tries to explain all the concepts as best as possible. Always available for students at his office hours. Exams are VERY hard though:( There are only 5 problems(each weights 20%). The problems are very difficult (level 3 difficulty and above). Class is very interesting, but very hard.
I usually don't write in rate my professor but I thought he was really nice so I recommend everyone. Probably the most least time consuming GE3
Incredibly articulate, bubbly, fun and easy to listen to. I did not like Astronomy or physics at all before this class but his demonstrations and his energy make the subject fun to learn. He gives more than 5% possible extra credit points and he drops a test. Probably the most reasonable and understanding teacher i've had at this school
Fantastic
So happy and nice and wonderful! Fabulously brilliant and hilarious little Swiss man. The course is not difficult at all and he gives you nearly identical practice tests.
1809926	Eric	Wilson	13
He is probably the worst lecturer I have ever had. He doesn't explain things clearly, and he sometimes makes mistakes and tries to pretend that he is right anyways, even when students point out his mistakes. If I hadn't taken physics in high school before taking this course, I probably would have had a hard time passing.
Before coming to this class, Physics used to be my favorite subject. Professor Wilson and the Physics department at USC definitely ruined that for me. The class is an exact repeat of Physics C Mechanics AP. You learn nothing new and it is absolutely worthless. The teacher is horrible at explaining and you have a good 7 hours of hw a week. Horrible.
Omg this guy is horrible. He's one of those teachers who know the stuff but aren't prepared to explain it. he gives way too much work that isn't helpful to the lecture matters. STAY AWAY.
This teacher's instruction provides no insight into solving the kinds of problems that are asked on the homework and tests. In class, he struggles to solve the problems he presents without his notes and doesn't give useful answers to questions.
He really is the worst teacher I've had at USC.  He doesn't seem to have any interest in the subject.  He seems overwhelmed by the technology, grading, homework, and quizzes.  He doesn't explain things well, and will often make mistakes.  He often repeats himself, and none of his lectures add to the reading or homework.  He is very boring.
He doesn't really know what he is talking about. Can't solve his own problems. Lectures are useless but there are clicker questions. Doing the old midterms before the test is the only way to study and even that doesn't completely prepare you.
Doesn't explain things clearly at all. There have been several instances where he was corrected by students while solving problems on the board, and others where he forgot to bring his notes and would be unable to do problems. Awful teacher, only passing because of SI and my friends tutoring me.
Worst teacher I've ever had. Assigns something due almost every night, time is spent playing catch up on irrelevant homework instead of learning physics. You wont be learning in class either, even though he makes his lectures mandatory. Low subject knowledge, terrible teaching ability. Overall awful.
He is one of the worst professors at USC. He WILL explain things wrong on the board and won't admit he's wrong. Then when someone tries to correct him he blames it on the class. He lost his notes in class one time and told the class he couldn't solve the problem because he lost his notes. Very unhelpful, Homework does not correlate with tests.
AVOID AT ALL COST! He is by far the worst professor for Physics. He lacks a clear understanding of the material; he is constantly making mistakes in class and relies on the corrections of students. Difficult to take notes in class since he is very unclear and sloppy with his handwriting. He is consistently late. Voice is annoying as well. Go to SI!
His problem is he has no idea how to teach students, often gets tongue tied and then says the wrong thing in class. SI session are necessary, if you can do tons of practice exams the midterms will be easier. Overall avoid at all costs
Without a doubt the worst teacher I have ever taken. Consistently late (5-10 or more minutes). He knows almost nothing about this subject and would frequently be corrected by students. Lectures are completely useless but mandatory because there is a quiz every lecture. Horrible experience avoid at all costs. Also extremely annoying way of talking
He tries really hard to explain things but he never really makes sense. He's very hard to follow. This class was easy for people who knew the material and impossible for those who did not. I never skipped class, I went to every SI session, and I did outside tutoring. I still did not pass the class
1580126	Jinhee	Choung	13
Great professor. Super knowledgable, has clear slides, and integrates a lot of econ into the material. Attendance is definitely mandatory (as is reading), but she's an extremely fair grader and always willing to help!
Great teacher! Class is lecture and discussion and you learn a lot. Midterm and final paper require that you go to class and are engaged. Reading is required, but relates well to lecture and only makes the final paper easier.
Very passive aggressive and strict grader. She also seems very opinionated and does not appear open to contrasting viewpoints. Would not recommend.
Prof Choung has a great discussion-style teaching method. Yes, there are a lot of readings. However, Prof Choung wants you to do the readings so she can have meaningful discussion during class. Open to all viewpoints and makes the midterm and final paper geared towards the readings. So, if you do the readings then you will learn a lot from her!
Choung is very stubborn. She will only give you a good grade if you write exactly what she wants (her grader goes based off her firm answer sheet...) and she is a very harsh grader with little understanding. She curves the class to a C so that about 40% of the class gets a C or lower. Not that fair
SOOO much reading, pop-quizes
Any good poli sci student can do well in this class. Its a lot of reading, there's a lot you have to know but she's incredibly straight forward. She gives you exam reviews with the essay topics on them. You really just have to do the readings and show up to class to get a good grade.
BEst class at USC. She is so engaging and fun. Super direct and easy to follow. Not alot of reading, very straight forward. Actually useful and applies alot of it to ECON which is really cool. She is great and this class was awesome
This class was one of the most useful classes I have taken at USC. Choung is super engaging and really fun. Literally the only professor I had that I looked forward to going to. The class is super straight forward and perfect for a busy person like me. Definitely a better choice compared to her boring counterparts. This class was my favorite at USC
Loved her class! She's super sweet and very clear with her expectations. Fair grader too :)
Don't do it...unless you like reading endless articles and longggggg chapters in the book....
Dr. Choung (don't call her anything but that she will get offended like she does about EVERYTHING)is infatuated w/ her material. Expects you to READ she will call on you if you aren't participating and humiliate you if you are wrong. There is TOO MUCH MATERIAL and it is all fair game on midterms. Would NOT recommend her.
Way fun teacher.  She is a blast.  Really cares about making students feel comfortable, and she is really funny, makes everyone laugh. Really knows her material and lectures build upon readings to help students understand.  One midterm, two papers (you get personal choice of topics to write on), one final.  She grades really fair as well. :-)
1482101	Justin	Wood	13
One of the best professors ever. Amazing lecturer-- it's necessary to attend as there's no textbook, but you'll want to. He seems to genuinely enjoy teaching and students' questions. His passion for the material was contagious, even though I didn't go into the class terribly interested. Don't freak out about the testing format, there is a curve.
Professor Wood is one of the best I've encountered at USC so far. Although the material is segmented you are continually reminded of the more comprehensive picture he is painting. The subject matter is super interesting. The tests are unconventional, but fair. You have to take good notes so attend class. Essays are jokes/easy points.
AMAZING CLASS! He is an excellent professor. He is very eloquent and his power points are very visual. The material is also very interesting and applicable to your own life!! HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend!
Prof Wood is a phenomenal professor. His lectures are clear and really really interesting. His testing style is different, but if you take good notes and study them well then by no means are his tests unfair. Not too hard, not too easy, just right. I definitely recommend this class.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! Pray that the T.A (Jason)likes you. Otherwise, you can expect to get Ds from the start. Tests are ridiculously graded. Essays are graded based on what he wants to hear not critical thinking. They "purposely make guidelines vague" so good luck with that. Seems like more wiggle room to slap you with a bad grade.
The tests in this class are pretty ridiculous. They're MC; however, as many as 5 or as few as 1 of the options can be correct. If there are 2 correct answers and you select 3, you get 0 pt. If there are 4 answers and you only select 1, you get .25 pt. The tests don't reflect how well you know the material but rather how comfortable you are guessing
what you learn is interesting but exams are VERY hard. I've taken very good notes--am a 3.8 student--but the exam questions were not straightforward. I did learn a lot though. If you don't really care about your gpa, then DO take this course. if you do, then I suggest you search another course.
Professor Wood is a great professor. The test are very challenging but the class material is amazing. If you want to open your mind and expand your thoughts about animals, humans, and culture. TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!! This was my favorite class in my senior year by far :)
My favorite class at USC by far, and I've basically taken every psyc class offered. He just makes the class so interesting and his lecture is super clear and organized. Amazing amazing professor!
Professor Wood is always enthusiastic and willing to help. You have to do a moderate amount of work in the class to do well. The subject is interesting, and be sure to get Rachel as your TA not Jason (ugh).
This class was extremely interesting, you will learn something fascinating every single lecture. Book is not necessary at all so don't buy it. Exams are difficult if you don't take good notes, if you do then you should be fine. He's got a quirky sense of humor and he is also very nice to look at. Definately recommend this class.
This class is phenomenal. Professor Wood is engaging and his lectures are fascinating. There is no textbook, only assigned readings. Print out his Powerpoint slides & take good notes. The tests are fair but challenging.
Great class; surprisingly interesting. Didn't even get the textbook, lectures provide enough info. He clarifies everything so pay attention in lecture & you'll be fine; tests are somewhat ambiguous. Take notes corresponding to PP slides bc they don't provide enough info alone. 2pg paper due every 2weeks (easy points); 2 non-cumulative exams.
1582754	Clayton	Stephenson	13
Gives no tests in favor of a larger group research project. Grading is a little tough sometimes but overall he's a really nice guy who enjoys helping out his students. I've noticed a lot of people don't jive personality-wise with him but in my experience, he was super nice and easy to talk to. 
Not as bad as everyone made him out to be. A little dry, but there's constant assignments that accumulate to one big group paper and presentation in the end. I'd much rather not deal with a group project again tbh, getting help on it was a pain. If you do all the work and get everything in on time, there's no reason to get anything below an A-.
Very boring.  Assigns terrible readings and quizzes on the most specific things.  Lab isn't hard but is pretty boring too.  Average grader on papers however will grade down for things he didn't tell you about.
Research methods is a relatively boring class to begin with. But he doesn't care about students, and during final presentations you can tell he's so bored and just wants to get it over with. Long, long required readings that makes you feel guilty for wanting to do something fun over the weekend.
Gives absolutely no direction and expects you to read his mind. Never lectures, just gives students useless busy work. Basically has students teach the class themselves. Hard grader!
SO MUCH WORK: online homework assignments every week, sometimes more than 1 per week. tests are HARD and he doesn't know how to teach or answer questions. office hours are unhelpful. if he doesn't understand how to do the HW problems how should we??? bad at explaining things and answering questions if you're confused. DONT TAKE HIM
As long as you read, go to class and lab you will do well. exams are NOT tough if you prepare. His questions are super straight forward - you either know it or you don't , nothing tricky. He is super helpful. Always has office hours. He is patient. just go to claa, read, review before your exam and you will get an A.
He's boring and the tests are a bit tough but the subject is very easy. Lots of extra credit, but the labs are annoying.
Overall, Psyc 314 is a boring and tedious class and Prof. Stephenson is the better professor to take. The most frustrating part of Prof. Stephenson's class is there's a lot busy work. He also doesn't give much class time to work on the paper that's worth majority of your grade, so the sooner you start it the better.
He was not the most clear professor. When asking him questions he failed to give a direct answer. Labs, lecture and hw didn't really go together making material more confusing. Getting an A is not impossible but theres a lot of hw, lab reports and free response questions on MT and final were hard
very hard tests. final paper easy.
Professor Stephenson is a great professor for research methods. His course was an overall positive experience. He's really helpful and easy to talk to, so don't be afraid to go into his office hours.  Keep your bonus preps because they're very helpful for the midterm/final. Always follow apa format in your papers. You'll be solid.
As long as you showed up to class and read the book, you were guaranteed to do well.  Dr. Stephenson was very helpful and always available during office hours.  I feel lucky to have had him for a difficult class.  The class was a lot of work, but makes getting an A more rewarding.
1192279	David	Albertson	13
This class is very reading intensive and easy to fall behind in. If you pay attention in lectures then it becomes manageable to fall behind with your readings. Likewise it does require a lot of writing. Albertson is a great, affable professor and is more than willing to help you out! I highly recommend visiting for office hours. 
this class was so boring. there were only 8 students so you pretty much had to talk every day and if you're not a religion/philosophy major (or if you're not interested in those subjects), don't take it! It'll be a painful 90 minutes
He is a super nice professor but this was a very hard GE. Took it because I saw reviews that said he was easy, and they couldn't have been more wrong. Hardest GE I have taken at SC, and would not recommend it if doesn't go toward your major. Tons of assignments, three papers 3 exams, have to go to a DVD showing every week. Very demanding class.
As a student w/an interest in history, Prof. Albertson's course has surpassed all expectations. Truly impressed w/ course material, especially quality of instruction. Highly recommend for students w/a remote interest in history, philosophy, and religion. Note: This is not an art history course. In essence, a transformative intellectual experience.
If you're contemplating taking Into to Christianity because you're a Christian and think it'll be really easy, you might want to rethink that idea. Albertson expects a LOT out of his students in terms of reading and the amount of info he goes through. Not an easy A, but I ended up knowing a lot about Christianity (from a scholarly POV) by the end.
he assigns a lot of reading, but you can easily get away with not doing it
Great teacher, great class.  I have learned SO much with Albertson (I have taken 3 classes with him).  Really has changed the way I see things. Classes are super-interesting.  He is VERY smart and VERY kind- stop by for office hours and talk to him- he'll love it and explain any question you have in the most thoroughgoing way possible.
Exams are pretty straightforward. Interesting class. Easy A with a little effort.
Great teacher. I had some of the most stimulating conversations at this University in that class. He does require a lot of reading, which I had difficulty keeping up with. Still I learned a lot. He's very helpful with finding sources for the papers he assigns as well.
Prof. Albertson is intelligent and interesting. He may be a little too intelligent--making him a little hard to understand sometimes. The class was easy though, and the subject matter was pretty interesting.
Reads off a paper in class......... Very intelligent but lectures are so boring. Go to discussion and do the reading
The class was easy, but his grading was weird. If you're looking for the A beware-below a 96% is an A- but he didn't say this beforehand (no grading scale was on the syllabus). His grading was weird too. He refused to give anything above a B on the first paper saying that if you got an A now, there was no learning to be done.
I had him for Love and Desire in Medieval Christian Mysticism.  Go to class, since you do get points.  Very though-based, with a heavy emphasis on philosophy.  He is a very fair grader and very easy to talk to, so he's really helpful and a good teacher.  The class is based on 3 papers and a midterm, but he's really relaxed so it's not hard.
1611452	David	Zarazua	13
AVOID. AVOID. AVIOD. He is a terrible teacher. He is a scrooge with grades and attendance. Miss half a class and participation grade is screwed. He gives waaaaaaaay too much unnecessary homework and even misplaces your assignments. I would never take this class if I could. I worked my ass of and he gave me only an A-. 
Awful professor - Rude, not clear at all when discussing the subject matter. Calls out students in the middle of class to humiliate them by using Spanish that is well over their heads. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
This guy is a complete idiot. He completely relies on the textbook, isn't helpful at all, and frankly teaches spanish in a more confusing manner than it needs to be taught. I came into his spanish 2 class fluent in spanish, thus got all A's on my tests. However, the class is so workbook oriented, I had an F in the class. Horrible teacher. Avoid him
I don't think he is as bad as this site makes him out to be. I think people who rated him didn't like that they had to work in a spanish class. This class is not difficult whatsoever if you put a little bit of WORK into it. He grades a little tougher, but he's a really nice and fun professor. Class is enjoyable and engaging for a 2 hour lecture.
Plain and simple people this guy shouldn't be teaching.. so don't take his class! Horrid professor!
This guy is an awful professor and shouldn't even be teaching. I hope other students did what I did and have given him awful student evaluations. If you haven't please do so.
One of the worst professors I've ever had. Downright awful. He expects everyone to be fluent right away and doesn't help or clarify when someone has a question. He also finds it amusing when students don't understand what he's saying.
By far one of the worst professors I've had at USC. Expects everyone to be already fluent in Spanish. Doesn't provide any help in answering questions. Picks on students in the class who don't understand what he's saying. He's also a hard grader. Don't take this professor. He shouldn't be teaching.
He was really nice, but super difficult to talk to. He could not really understand us when we spoke in English, but when we spoke in Spanish he assumed we were fluent. It was a difficult mix, and he is a very difficult grader.
Zarazua is the best. It's not an easy A but if you work hard and go to class, getting a good grade isn't a problem. He's very helpful and funny. A lot of the actual learning is done outside of class and during class, you talk in groups - seems counterproductive but it helps with your fluency SO much. Take his class if you want to improve a lot.
You MUST talk in every single class because he counts participation for a lot. And he does not forget who spoke when. In addition to no matter what level of spanish you're taking he'll talk to you like you're fluent. Definitely do not take him unless you want to struggle. I barely passed.
Prof Zarazua is a really sweet guy, and a pretty good professor. He really piled on the work at the end of the semester, but for the first half it was quite reasonable. Take his class if you have a chance, and take advantage of his office hours!
He is a great person, but not a great teacher. He mainly has us do the activities from the book in class and has us discuss with our partner a lot (which is pointless if neither of you understand the activity). He rarely clarifies after we talk to our partners. I had to teach myself almost everything. If you like Spanish you can get through it.
1657112	Liana	Stepanyan	13
Best professor I've had at USC so far. Fun personality, super understanding, & cares about every one of her students (she took us all to lunch one day!) Very clear with her expectations & every in-class activity is geared to help you ace your assignments and exams. Just take the time to complete every online homework, participate & memorize vocab
One of the best professors I've had at USC. Clear expectations, fair grading. 100% would retake this class.
She rocks! I'm a freshman that tested into Spanish 3 after taking 4 years in HS an it's been easy for me. A lot of review. The class is a little boring but she's a good teacher. Not the easiest grader, but not too tough. I never do the nightly hw, only the mandatory online work for each chapter& my grade is fine. SO much in class writing& speaking!
She is the best Spanish(and overall) teacher that I've had. Explains, reminds about deadlines, pushes to work hard, repeats even if it's the 3rd time you're asking. Also wants to know her students better and sees what's the best approach for them to learn. Loved the class. Sad that semester is over.
Prof. Stepanyan is awesome!  She is a very funny and extremely knowledgable professor.  I came into the class without having taken spanish for a year or so and I was fine.  The tests are easy if you study the sections and the portfolio projects are easy as well.  For sure take her!
So nice and helpful! Really fun activities, actually cares about her students. Wish she was teaching SPAN220 this fall. If you work hard, participate, and are polite, you'll get along just fine. Best Spanish teacher at SC!
Great professor! She is really nice, and is also an easy and ridiculously fast grader. Take her!!!
I LOVE professor Stepanyan. She increased my interest in Spanish so much since the beginning of the year. She is kind, helpful, and funny. She answers emails within five minutes and she will take the time to explain anything you don't understand. Take her class!
She is the greatest teacher I have ever had.  Literally so helpful; she really cares about her students and shows it through her teaching style.  Class isn't boring and she will always be there to help if needed! She's super funny too.  TAKE HER IF YOU CAN
She's great.  Super helpful, kind and caring.  She teaches grammar in English even in higher level courses which is incredibly helpful.  She is incredibly organized and grades quickly. Overall, amazing. Best spanish teacher I've ever had.
Amazing
she is so fabulous. easy class and you actually learn quite a bit. love her
She is not an easy grader,but she will do anything to help you. Very approachable and friendly. Explains grammar like no one else. Makes you speak Spanish in class, but is not pushy or mean. Fastest grader I ever met. Very organized and very much on top of things. Overall, best Spanish professor I ever had.
1242858	Mary Joan	Negro	13
She really forces you to understand the structure of Shakespearean writing in order to inform your acting choices, which helps immensely.  She will not let bad work fly, but only because she wants her class to genuinely succeed.  Her voicemails to late students are stuff of legend.
Mary Joan is quite the teacher. She's entertaining and she's an incredibly talented teacher. She knows drama (especially classical drama) better than anyone at USC. She is tough and she is also like a second mom. My only complaint is that sometimes you will feel your creativity is stifled. Learn from her, but stay true to your own talents.
Mary Joan is incredible. Her wisdom and experience helped me as an actor so much this semester.You will definitely learn a lot from her and grow as an actor and maybe as a person too. I'm going to miss this class incredibly!!!!
Anyone who wants to be an actor needs to take a class from Mary Joan. Not only is she absolutely brilliant and so well versed in her craft, but she really wants to see every student in her class succeed. She will push you and  will not sugar coat things (SKIPPING CLASS IS ABSOLUTELY UNACCEPTABLE), but she will make time to help. Such a great class.
Mary Joan has a very specific view on what is good acting, and this Shakespeare class is kind of aimed at figuring out what she likes and then doing it, even if you don't agree with it. She is very harsh, but she loves her craft. Good to work with many different acting teachers, so try her out. She's good at what she does. DON'T MISS CLASS.
I had the good fortune to study with her when she first joined the faculty and i'm sure she has only gotten better in the last few years. She is so warm and kind and holds theatre in the highest regard.  I highly, highly, highly recommend her.
Mary Joan is literally my second mom.  I can rely on her for anything.  She loves to get to know students personally and treat them like her children.  She will be rough.  She will be hard on you.  But you will grow with her and become so much better than you ever could have dreamt you could.  WORD TO THE WISE: DO NOT MISS CLASS
She's absolutely fantastic. She knows what she's talking about, has the experience, and is completely willing and able to share her knowledge.
Mary-Joan is an amazing teacher. If you really pay attention and do what she directs you to do you will learn so much. This class will let you look at theater in a new way and everyone grew so much. Mary-Joan is one of the nicest teachers and will always go out of her way to help you or meet with you outside of class.
She considers Theatre as a divine art, so prepared to be yelled at possibly once a week, but also know that this will be one of the most rewarding classes you will take at USC.
She is, as the other comments suggest, very demanding. She requires nothing but the best out of you, and she'll bring out the best in you. By far one of the best teachers I've had thus far.
Mary Joan is one of the best professors at the USC School of Theatre. She will teach you so much about acting and she brings out the best in you. She will invigorate your passion for theatre as her training and experience are second to none. I have found myself constantly working outside of class with her on other projects. She is hard on you, but 
Mary Joan is amazing.  She is passionate and thoughtful. Her teaching is a product of her own experiences as a successful actor in New York and Los Angeles.  She holds each of her students to the highest of standards.  More importantly she inspires students to demand more of themselves.  Do your work, or get thrown out of class.
1335160	Randy	Mell	13
Never felt the need to post about a professor, even though I have had many great ones, until now. I have never had a professor be so caring, attentive and helpful to each students individual needs. Each student grew so much in this class - no matter your level (terrified to confident), Randy will help you improve, 100% guarantee it!TAKE THIS CLASS 
His public speaking class was incredibly helpful. He gave individual feedback immediately following a presentation. Advice he gave to one student usually resonated with the entire class. Very attentive to students' interests and individual ways of speaking. Allowed students to express their interests with their presentations
This man is a truly fantastic teacher. He has such a tangible mastery over his craft and he communicates his ideas with a great deal of clarity and consistency. He is obviously passionate about his subject in a very contagious way. I highly recommend him.
He would spend the first HALF HOUR of every class letting people "soap box" and then pick a student to pretend to be the person they wanted to confront. It was like therapy and a bad use of time. Not much structure. He gave good tips here and there but did not always enforce his teachings when students worked on scenes (we did two). Super nice man.
Works for some I guess, but I wasn't a big fan. While he loves theatre and his classes, I didn't really learn anything, and his class was a part of my decision to switch out of a theatre major. Essentially, he's a very emotional man who takes everything very seriously, but a very average teacher.
I was very split on how I felt about Randy. He loves what he does and does want to help you grow, but I hated his approach. He makes you talk about personal things, which can be very uncomfortable and he turned all of our scenes into something sexual. He means well, but I wouldn't take his class again.
Randy is such an amazing acting teacher.  Not the best for everyone as he makes you talk about personal things in class, but as my class ended up being 4 people, that was okay.  As others have said, he is a little eccentric and gets off on tangents, but overall, his tangents relate to the acting world and have provided interesting stories. Love him
Definitely knows what he's talking about when it comes to acting. He cares about his students and wants to help them grow. He often gets sidetracked and goes off on random tangents, but overall he is a great teacher.
He is the sweetest, most helpful person!  I have grown so much in his class.  Take him!

Very scatter brained, and not helpful at all. Nice, but just odd. Gave the whole class B's in 101. Not okay.

Randy is an eccentric guy.  The vast majority of my peers thought his class was useless, but I thought he was okay until my grade came out.  Turns out illness and death in the family aren't excused absences.  He also forgets what he tells you previously.  Because of his lack of organization skills my grade suffered and he ignores my e-mails.
761813	Nathalie	Joseph-Lynch	13
She's  insightful, gives good feedback and ideas. Lectures are enjoyable because she's funny and tries to make the class interesting by using fun analogies. Participate if you're comfortable, if you're more reserved or shy, don't worry about not speaking up, because she'll know if you're listening. Definitely recommend her class. 
Incredibly bright and humorous. Only take if you expect to be pushed extremely hard. She expects a lot and will force you to greatly improve your writing. At times you will hate making this decision. She's willing to provide you out of class time, but is limited due to high demand, this can be frustrating. Achieving an A will be tough, I couldn't.
One of the greatest professors that I've had at USC. She motivates us to participate in discussions and she's hilarious. I really thought I was going to hate this class, but it turned out being one of the only classes that I consistently attended (regardless of the attendance policy). She even motivated me to take WRIT440 in next semester.
I only had the class for one day and immediately dropped simply because I could not stand her. I debated on whether or not to comment accordingly and decided that I ought to. This is the only time I have dropped a class at USC exclusively because of the professor. You can draw your own conclusions from that.
Funny and smart, but not helpful at all.
SHE IS AMAZING!!! BEST CLASS I HAVE EVER TAKEN. I have become such a better writer,  she teaches you grad school writing. She's hilarious....funniest person I've ever met. greatttt professor. best decision i made
I really tried to like her class and her as a professor, but  I didn't learn a thing in her class. It wasn't lack of effort on her part she just doesn't know how to motivate her students. Dangles carrots and sticks and is scatterbrained, which is fun but not helpful. Choose Brecher instead
Nathalie is amazing. I looked forward to going to class each day because she is so hilarious. It makes it  easier to learn from her because classtime is so enjoyable. Her office hours quickly turn into social visits though, so make sure to stay on topic and know why you're there. Everyone I know who has taken her class highly recommends it.
Good teacher because she pushes you to really become engaged in the material.  In any case she's got an awesome personality.
She's a bit random and not as helpful as I would have liked, but she knows good writing when she sees it. She's very smart, which is scary and sexy at the same time. I love it.
Helpful, organized.
No Comments
The worst teacher I have ever had.  She thinks she's doing a great job but she cant see that her methods are not being assimilated by the students.
926580	Josie	Sigler	13
Josie is literally the best professor you could ever have. She is the most talented, intelligent, helpful, and understanding professor in the history of professors. Do yourself a favor and take her class! She encourages deep thought and creativity I was not aware I had! She is my favorite professor hands down!
Josie is one of the best teachers you could have. You will be a better writer after taking her class while learning about who you are as a person outside of the classroom. Don't let the smile fool you though. She's tough and will let you know if you can handle it.
It's not hard to sing Josie's praises to the sky--to know her is to love her. She sees her students as people, and defies all stereotypes regarding professors at large schools (they are always distant, etc.). Her approach to teaching is unorthodox--but if you are blessed enough to find yourself in her class, just trust her and enjoy the ride!
She takes a genuine interest in her students and if you meet her requirements and seek help, you should be fine.
Greatest. Ever. She'll pretty much let you do what you want, typical rules or regulations are never an issue as long as you produce a good paper and voice your beliefs in a logical manner. She's so openminded and will do anything to help you define your individual voice.
Most excellent writing instructor! encourages the student to develop hir (=D) personal voice, write beyond conventions, and to explore hir own criteria in very meaningful ways. gives lengthy, timely, and meaningful feedback on work and definitely has lots of experience writing. food encouraged in class as well! overall, GREAT instructor and person!
Josie is the best writing teacher I have ever had. She  improved my writing style to a tremendous degree and she made a quite difficult class into an excellent and enjoyable learning experience. She is a brilliant, friendly, and helpful teacher, and a wonderful poetess. I consider myself very fortunate for having been her student.
A fantastic class. Josie is efficient and effective as a teacher. She's a strong writer, a passionate reader, and this translates in class. She's someone who loves the written word and so she's not just there to be there, you know&#63; She listens, helps, and guides. Perfect qualities for a professor.
I dreaded Writing 140 since I heard about it, but Josie made my reservations about it die down.  She is an EXTREMELY helpful teacher.  She truly helps you write according to your point of view and style.  She approaches different angles to get everyone interested in the topic.  Best WRIT 140 teacher I could have to introduce me to college writing!
Josie is a great professor and even better person. She likes to get to know her students so she can understand their writing. She is always willing to help and will give you great feedback. Josie is also very patient and tries to accomodate the class to her students' needs. You definitely want her as your professor!!
Josie is an amazing teacher! She is an incredible writer and a really cool person.  She is always willing to help her students, and really wants to see them improve.  She is fair and honest.  She spends a lot of time reviewing your papers and gives really helpful insight.  Best Writing 140 teacher there is.  Get her if you can!
hands down, the best writing class I've had
A great writer, a kind teacher. Works around your schedule. Very helpful and approachable. :)
1506771	Ryan	Shoemaker	13
Dr. Shoemaker is a fantastic writing professor. He gives thoughtful feedback on papers (mine were covered in extremely constructive comments). The grading criteria is very clear from the start. Classes are fun, he has a good sense of humor, and he knows how to keep it interesting. My writing improved immensely during the class. I would recommend!
Dr. Shoemaker is a fantastic writing instructor! He truly wants to help students improve their writing, and is passionate about what he teaches. Ask for his feedback, because he is always very helpful. He also cares about his students as people, and has a good sense of humor. 
Your writing will improve, partly due to how much you write and partly because of his feedback. He's not an easy grader, but he's fair. My only problem with the class is that sometimes the prompts were unclear and in tutorials he wanted me to write about a specific topic even if I didn't want to. But overall, he's enthusiastic and nice.
A great teacher. I was in his TO Core111 class, it was a lot of work (essay every two weeks,) but he gave honest and helpful feedback, and was passionate about his work. He was also available whenever I needed it, and was the first professor to actually have helpful tutorial sessions.
He is extremely enthusiastic about writing and will make you WANT to work hard to improve your writing style. He has a lot of great ideas and has a unique sense of humor that will make class really enjoyable. He will email you feedback on anything you ask him, at any time. He is there for you and will help you if you work hard. 
He is incredibly enthusiastic about his class and he is invested in helping you improve. It's not easy to get an A. To improve your chances of getting an A, make sure you do the work for the required class and ALWAYS ASK FOR FEEDBACK. He is willing to take the time to help you out so take advantage of that!
Enthusiastic teacher who excites students even at 8AM. Not an easy teacher but he is there to make sure students learn. Conferences were really helpful and provided an opportunity to understand shortcomings and areas to work on in the writing process. Focus on improving rather than dwelling on past essays. You will be fine if you put in the work.
I'm possibly one of the laziest people ever and he managed to get me excited for an 8 AM class. He's crystal clear about what he expects and really wants you to succeed. I went his office hours and he would tell me exactly what I needed. Everyone says Writing 140 is horrible but he really made it enjoyable for me.
He's fired up and enjoys teaching as well as does a good job communicating.  That said, his grading doesn't make sense.  I'd love to know why my highest grade on any paper was one that I wrote thoroughly inebriated at 4 am the morning it was due, while the one I tried the hardest on got a very mediocre grade.  Don't take him if you want an A
The teacher was really helpful in explaining course material and making the class a learning environment. He also was engaging and very excited about teaching the course.
Hands down one of the best teachers I've ever had. He makes an awful subject seem fun. Not easy to get an A but most of his students walk away with B's
he is an awesome instructor and he definitely cares about his students very much. really approachable and nice and sometimes funny. but you actually have to put effort in because it is not an easy class. like all the other writing 140 teachers, he will give you a bad grade if you deserve it. but he is amazing!
He is an absolutely amazing WRIT-140 teacher. Although he is not afraid to give bad grades to those who do not put the work in, he rewards those who do. I learned so much from his class (his comments are helpful too), and enjoyed his enthusiasm to teach. I definitely came out of his class as both a better writer and a better student.
585103	Sonya	Lee	12
She's very very organized and that was a major plus because everything was laid out very clearly. Her class was difficult, but if you put in the effort, the grades will reflect that. Her and her TA's are fair graders and they give about 9 pop quizzes during the semester and she offers up extra credit once in a while so take advantage of that!
going to class is pretty important if you want an A. even though she posts up powerpoints there's a lot of information in her lectures. there's a lot of memorization but i thought the class was lenient in grading. take this class if you're willing to take notes and show up to class and disc.
If you attend all the lectures this will be an easy GE. It's true that Professor Lee's lectures cover a lot of specific details but they cover everything you need to know for the exams. Just bare with her nonstop "um"s and take good notes it will be easy to get an A! ;)
This is not a GE I would take unless you are particularly interested in the material. Lee is one of those lecturers who knows a lot about her subject, but most of it is irrelevant facts and uselessly specific details. Exams are exhaustingly comprehensive and a large amount of date-memorization is required. A lot of necessary reading too. NOT easy
It's an OK GE class. Lectures and readings are important to do well on the exams, although attendance is not mandatory. Discussions can be helpful at times. You can do well in the exams by studying ahead as there are a lot of materials, but they are all very straight forward and easy to understand.
Prof. Lee's lectures are brutal, and the class I took was more a class on the politics of early Asia than Art History of Asia. I felt at times that she was condescending to students who did not have prior knowledge of the subject, and it's hard to understand her when she's speaking. I had her for a GE and I honestly wish I had taken any other class
This class was easy.  Her lectures provide the most useful information for tests and papers.  Depending on your TA, discussions can be helpful.  Her lectures aren't amazing, but I've never fallen asleep. An interest in the topic helps, along with some background in Asian languages to help with memorization, but not needed.
I personally found this class interesting. Yes, she does make you fall to sleep at times but her lectures covers most of the stuff you need to know for your exams and the exams are straight forward and she is quite lenient as well. I recommend going to discussions as it helps to boost up your grade if you're on the border line
She's not as enthusiastic as you would expect but she is lenient at times. I  recommend going to all of her lectures because she covers most of the material you would need to know from the textbook in class.
I really enjoyed this class. The class is fairly easy and just memorization, so if you plan ahead, you'll easily get an A. The material is interesting but you might fall asleep every now and then. I personally enjoyed her lectures however, and the class is very organized. Nothing too difficult
Boasts a mumbling, monotonic voice that's guaranteed to put you to sleep, grading style is rather questionable at times, and doesn't really engage students in discussion. She's nice, though, and the subject matter is truly interesting. However, you must be willing to work hard for anything above a B.
She fills her lectures with &quot;um&quot; and gets you lost.  Although it seems really hard in her class, a study group before exams can easily get u an A.  She is very lenient, so its not that bad.
1205570	Sean	Roberts	12
He is engaging and knowledgable and the class is pretty easy. The lectures aren't mandatory but they are very important. He speaks quickly so pay close attention in lecture. Two papers and two tests (non-cumulative). Highly recommend this course.
This is probably one of the best classes I've had. Professor Roberts is an amazing professor, and you can tell he is really interested in what he's talking out. He's pretty chill and is good about piecing the material together in the context of a story so you can remember it better. He speaks very quickly, though.
Cool guy for sure. He surfs a lot, and is one of the most engaging professors I've had. He really knows how to cater to a large class. I can say now that I know a lot more about art, and I would be happy to take an art history class again.
You must go to lecture to do well but it's definitely worth your time (you'll learn about 400 years of art in a semester)! Seriously, pay attention, you'll regret it later in life if you don't. If you go to lecture DO NOT buy the textbook (he covers everything you need to know). I also barely read the course reader and still got a solid A.
Great professor, definitely recommend this class for a GE. Had no prior knowledge, really enjoyed the class. Great TAs, very helpful. Papers are annoying, but tests are easy and straightforward.
Quite a bit of reading for a GE 5, but he was an easy grader and a good professor. Lectures can be boring but most of the readings were interesting. Would recommend especially for people interested in art and the Renaissance.
I really enjoyed this class! Professor Roberts is an amazing speaker--he can speak nonstop throughout the entire 1 hour and 30 minute lecture! The TA I had was super nice and informative. Not a lot of textbook emphasis, but to do well, you will take most of your notes and learn the most from lecture! Anyways, I recommend this class!
Great teacher! You must attend lecture to do well on midterm and final but it is very interesting and you learn a lot! Grade is midterm, final, 2 4-page papers, and participation in discussion. Highly recommended GE.
Sean Roberts is great - I never had much of an interest in art history prior to taking his class. His lectures are enthusiastic and passionate (although, he can be a fast talker, so I suggest bringing a laptop to take notes...) He helped me immensely with my paper; way more than my TA did. This is a great GE, taught by a terrific professor.
Great teacher!! You don't need to do a lot of work to do well in this class, but if you pay attention, you learn a lot of cool stuff!! I really enjoyed lecture. sometimes he talks really fast, but its usually informative
I really enjoyed the class.  Talks a bit too fast sometimes, but otherwise makes art history exciting.
Easy class! He gets repetitive at times but the class is a great one for both Art History people and those looking to learn something new.The TAs are very helpful. There are just 2 papers and 2 exams.
342501	Daniel	Geiger	12
easy, just memorize his slides
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
You'll spend a lot of money on ink cartridges for this class, otherwise just follow his powerpoints without falling asleep...tests are not as tough.
No Comments
exams are not from the book ...
he tends to rush through his lectures a lot. if you miss something (which you probably will unless you write at a superhuman speed) he posts his powerpoint slides on blackboard. if you have access to a printer i suggest printing out these slides.
No Comments
No Comments
Prof. Geiger is very clear on what will be covered in the exams.  He even hold reviews before the exam, which I found very helpful. 100% of his lectures are from power point so at times you may have the tendency of dozing off.
Lectures are boring because he just reads his Powerpoint slides to you. Labs are easy if you get a good TA. He basically requires you to know everything he covers, but he does post his notes online. Read the book and you'll do okay on the exams.
642836	Suzanne	Edmands	12
I didn't realize how clear she was until I got the other two professors for the remainder of bio120. Her slides are simple, easy to follow, and engaging
Very great professor. She cares about students. Exam was straight forward. Study the slides and you're good.
She is a super sweet lady and her lectures are very easy to follow.  Got an A on the midterm just from going through her power points and memorizing terms.  Great teacher
She goes off topic a lot and is solely focused on proving that evolution is true and is indisputable to the class. Nice lady, somewhat friendly, but not a good lecturer and material was covered slowly, in long, lengthy powerpoints
Overall not a bad lecturer. If you study for her test you can get an easy A. Her slides are pretty straight forward, I would use those to figure out what you need to study, she tells you at the end of each lecture. And if you have a question don't be afraid to ask, she is really very good with answering.
Overall good professor. Cares a lot about student understanding. Lots of knowledge in the field. Says um a lot but its organizes and presents material well.
She tends to change subjects mid-sentence and can be quite absent minded, but she's interesting nonetheless. She's a really caring professor, though, and would be glad to re-explain anything she first stumbled over.
She paces the class really well and explains difficult concepts perfectly. The only time the class didn't understand something, she sent out an email to explain it better. Awesome professor!
Edmands is a friendly face and a great teacher. She loves what she does and makes you want to love it too. Her tests are a bit difficult but not unbearable. The whole class AND the tests are curved so don't worry! Just show up to lectures and do the reading and you're fine.

I really enjoyed Edmands' section. Make sure to know how to define terms/give examples. She generally presented the information in an interesting format that made the class enjoyable.
She was pretty nice [in class; I haven't gone to her office hours]. But she mumbled a lot when she was lecturing, possibly because she was nervous&#63; Her test was not too hard but I didn't think it covered the material well enough.
1553287	Irving	Biederman	12
Multiple choice questions he writes are just as confusing as how he talks. However, if you attend class and sit in the front you'll get used to the same phrases he likes which is key to choosing right answers. Book questions are arbitrary, he just chooses from publisher's set of questions. Talk to him a lot and he'll remember you for e.c. 
Dr. Biederman's course is by no means an easy class. But he is undoubtedly passionate about the material which guides you through the process. Be prepared to stay on top of the lengthy chapters, ask questions, and devote time in order to do well. 
Dr. Biederman's class in undoubtedly a tough course. However, his passion and enthusiasm for the field of cognitive neuroscience guides you in the right direction. I recommend staying on top of the reading, asking questions, and being prepared to devote effort to do well. 
So I'm a neuroscience premed, so when I first read the reviews here I thought people were just lazy, but boy was I wrong. His slides are very disorganized and he doesn't even talk coherently. So you end up having questions flying at him for half of the class, and half of the exams material are from some tiny detail that he picked from 200p reading.
Worst professor I've had at USC to date. No doubt that Dr. Biederman is a brilliant researcher, but brilliant researcher does not equal good teacher, unfortunately. Lectures are confusing and muddled. Would not take this class if not required for this major--would actually consider changing majors to avoid this class with this professor.
You WILL have to take good notes for the Cog Psyc class. Focuses on visual circuits, which he researches. Test questions require critical thinking and putting together information from different lectures. If you are lost, ask questions, interrupt if he's not paying attention, he doesn't mind. Very approachable for office hours.
Biederman is selectively nice. Disrespects position as a professor. Enjoys people complimenting him. Also inappropriate     -lecture slides lack nec. information -material needs to me more eclectic (not just his interests) -bright thinker, but not a good professor.     suggestion: research his pub., compliment, avoid corrections, and get out!
Professor Biederman is a nice guy and often times entertaining, but this class is so confusing and completely self-taught. I have a background in biology and took this as an upper division psych course, but I was not prepared for this class. The only way I managed to do well is with group study guides, and memorization. Avoid this class!
Midterms are essay format and gives you 70% of the questions beforehand. Questions are ridiculous as they require you to pool information from his incomprehensible lectures, HIS published papers, and textbook. Recommend that you split up the work among a study group and do NOT procrastinate. Do not recommend but sadly it's a req for neuro majors :(
Work load and level is extremely extensive, make sure this is something you are really interested in ahead of time. You need foundational courses, bio and probably behavioral neuro. He is dry and rather monotone but he can be quite funny if you put in the effort to really hear what he is telling you. I liked this class.
Not clear at all. Only has class once a week, so it is a 4 hour long class which is impossibly boring. Pretty much self studied. Highly DO NOT recommend this course unless it is necessary.
basically... I took his cog. intro course thinking he was a brilliant professor. Finished, thinking he is a brilliant professor, but over the semester, I've realized brilliant professor does not = great teacher... take at your own risk =(
34384	Francis	Pereira	12
Doesn't even try to hide disdain for students. Calls us 'middle management'. If you have him for stats run! Each discussion is a quiz, will not answer questions and grades harshly. The other discussion grps are treated like workshops & your classmates in those will get perfect scores. You will learn nothing and will be disadvantaged in the curve. 
Useful class, worth the time. Pereira is a very nice guy and will help you through the process of the various projects if you make an effort to receive that help. Always around during office hours, and is usually most effective at those times.
He is super unhelpful. He does not know how to teach. He only reads his slides and expects us to know everything. He makes definitions and concepts harder than they really are. Avoid him! Seriously, listen to me.
I'm incredibly sorry if you have to take this class. He can't teach. He just reads the definitions of terms off slides all class but never actually teaches you how to solve anything. And then on rare occasions when he tries to teach, he goes back and corrects himself at least 5 times leaving us confused. Get a tutor, it's literally your only hope.
Your grade is strictly based on completing 7 excel cases, quizzes, group work, and a final project & exam . Pereira is very vague when he explains concepts. Puts too much emphasis on formatting. Final case will take about 16-24 hours and is due during study days. Knowledge gained is invaluable, but very time consuming class. You are warned.
Francis is the man. His class is absurdly easy, he only takes your two best quizzes and six best homework. Attendance is absolutely not mandatory, get a good study group to do homework with and you're golden. The average on his tests are really high. Also really helpful if you go in during office hours. Best stats teacher!
Bored to tears. Lectures consist of 90+ slides read verbatim. Makes extremely simple subject matter really difficult. Only good thing is that attendance is mandatory, so there's absolutely no reason to show up. Going to class only confuses you. Read the slides, take the exams.
Class teaches you a lot about Excel. Grade is comprised of 7 case projects, quizzes, final case, and final exam. Case projects are pretty easy because he gives you all of the instructions. Final case took a while because it incorporates everything you learned throughout the semester. Overall an informative and easy class.
This class gets tricky fast-it goes from seemingly manageable and easy to difficult and insane. The final project took 16 straight hours of work and was due during reading period. Some of the content is easy, some is hard and finicky. A lot of the time in the class is spent on formatting, which is annoying-literally hours to make it printerfriendly
he was really cool and helpful, and he genuinely cares.
Couldn't understand a word this guy said.
No Comments
200147	Sandra	Chrystal	12
She's tough, but she loves her students and will take time to work with you. Assigns large assignments with little turn around time, so it's a lot of work.
Never ever take this professor! You will be spending a lot of time on her stuffs and still get a really bad grade! Effort and return is not in proportional! Never take her class!
Horrible
She is a very nice person but a horrible teacher. You can follow the syllabus and never know what is going on in class. She assigns 5 page single spaced papers and makes them due within a week. Her grading is very vague, your paper may be better than your last but get a lower grade.
She is very nice. The project that you do is very useful. You can never come to class and know what you are supposed to have done or what you will do. She does not use her syllabus, you are assigned assignments that are large and due by the next class period with no warning.
Class projects definitely give you hands and experience with business writing. She's extremely helpful
GREAT professor. Very helpful in writing and comm. her assignments really help you later on.best writing 340 professor
No Comments
Will make you work, but you'll learn a lot!
Loved the class! It was pretty difficult but Sandra was extremely helpful and has written several recommendations for me since.
No Comments
Nice lady, very mommish.  I bombed the class tho. :(
1808480	Christine	El-Haddad	12
El-Haddad is wonderful teacher.  Kind, passionate, and knowledgeable.  Tests are very reasonable and all MC.  There is a good about of busy work but its not that time consuming.  I would take her again any day.  Classes usually end 20 minutes early and she is a very fair grader.  Take her! 
I really liked her, she was very clear, kind, and tests are MC and very reasonable.  I would totally take her again for another class.  I would highly suggest her but know that there is a good amount of easy "busy" work. 
Best teacher in USC! Super nice and very helpfull. She even say sorry to the students if the tests are too hard! Highly recommended  for BUAD 497 class
Christine has a wealth of knowledge in the area of Strategic Management. In all my years at USC, few if any professors have demonstrated the drive to succeed, enthusiasm to teach, and the entrepreneurial passion that is manifest in Christine. Her attitude and positive energy is truly inspiring.
One of the best professors I have had at USC. She is extremely enthusiastic, engaging in class and clear in her lectures! She really believes in her students and wants them to succeed. An admirable, intelligent woman! The class entails some busy work on a week-to-week basis, but her tests are straightforward and you learn a lot.
Professor El-Haddad is what a professor should be: helpful, kind, and caring. She is there to help you but you must put the effort.
Thoroughly enjoyed the course and learned a great deal. Prof. Haddad is a remarkable instructor. She created a learning environment in which we were all comfortable to participate and encouraged us to think critically about various business situations. She is very kind and always available to help.
Super nice professor who is extremely enthusiastic about the material. She is always willing to help you and is very clear on the lectures. Lets the students lead discussions, but rarely provides feedback so you don't learn too much. If you participate and show enthusiasm in your work, she will like you and give you a better grade.
My favorite professor at USC! I will miss her...
Really easy to get an A in the class but you have to go every day. Participation is 20% of the grade. 3 presentations 2 midterms + final. Lots of in class work. Very hands on and helpful throughout. Great professor.
By far the NICEST and MOST HELPFUL teacher in the entire Business Marshal Program. I mean SUPER NICE she bought us Pizza, always has a smile on her face, willing to help students out no matter what. She makes the class very interesting with group projects and cases. One of the best teachers I have had at USC!
Being the capstone course at Marshall, 497 brings together all the disciplines one studies at B-school and Professor Haddad is by far the best professor to take for 497. She is super clear in her lectures, it's a very hands-on class with case studies and presentations followed by intense class discussions, and Prof Haddad is a strategist herself
315204	William	Thalmann	12
This class is so incredibly boring. The books used are dense and not interesting in the slightest. 2 essays that are 50% of your grade - if you do well, you're chilling. But the prompts are boring and painful to write about. Classes are so incredibly boring to sit through. Professor is passionate about the material though.
Unless you have a deep interest in Greek history or the classics:this class is just about as interesting as watching paint dry.
Professor Thalmann is incredibly smart and passionate (ask him to read in ancient Greek!) Class got a little boring at times. He has high standards for essays, but going to office hours helps a lot and he really does grade based on improvement. Some of the texts were challenging, but if you have interest in them, I strongly recommend his class.
SOOO much busy work and reading!! If you are looking for an easy GE that requires little effort for an A this is NOT the one. The professor is pretty strict on his midterm answers and expects you to retain the majority of his lectures' details. The class is interesting but takes too much time. Avoid if you looking for a low commitment class.
There is A LOT OF READING for this class, so I advise you have interest in Greek history/literature if you take it. Also, the reviews say you don't have to go to lecture to get a good grade but the midterm/final are completely essays that require a lot of analysis, which he guides you in class.
Lovely professor. He had a real passion for the subject matter. However, it was really hard to stay focused in the class and I felt bad that many students missed the lectures. Your grade in the class really depends on your attendance of discussions and the TA's grading. But overall, Professor Thalmann is a great professor.
he's a great guy. really. i think prof thalmann is amazing! it's just....his class isn't so great. so i say meet the guy! he's amazing. but don't take the class unless you're really interested in Greek History.
Thalmann is fantastic, knows everything you could ever want to know about the subject and loves helping students. Barely went to lecture and still got a good grade. TA can be important since they grade, but tests/essays are easy since Thalmann makes outlines for everything. Highly recommend!
Prof Thalmann was GREAT. He was extremely passionate about what he taught and always spoke with a lot of enthusiasm (which is pretty hard to do for an ancient Greek civiliation class). You don't have to attend class (10 AM lecture sucks) but it's really fun if you do. Such an easy class too. He gives you outlines for all quizzes/midterm/final
Not the most interesting class, but Thalmann is very passionate about his lectures. Very easy as long as you get a good TA. Barely have to go to lecture to get a good grade.
No Comments
Horrible! The most pretentious, dry, boring teacher I've ever had.  Completely arbitrary grading system, pointless busy work, and sleep-inducing lectures.  Avoid at all costs!!
274805	Winsor	Brown	12
I strongly recommend that you do not enroll in this guy's course.  Any interest you have in software engineering will be hammered out of you.  I seriously question his knowledge, experience and skills.
AVOID IF POSSIBLE. useless lectures.  Jerky attitude.  No help what so ever.  Harsh grading with no guidelines of what is &quot;correct&quot; beforehand.  Lectures go on tangents all the time.  Spent a whole lecture babbling about murphy's law. Expects 5 hours a unit of work even though that's against school policy.  WHAT A JOKE.
Winsor Brown is the absolute worst professor I've ever had the misfortune of taking a class from. This class is useless, grading is a joke (they take points off for everything and don't warn you in advance), and above all else the professor is incompetent. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
Avoid!!! I have no words to express about this guy - total waste!!! I really don't want to say him Professor!!!
This guy is one of the worst professors ever. He's clueless and incompetent. I could go on about it, but bottom line, is AVOID THIS GUY.
hard to deal with
He may seem overbearing and intimidating at first, but once you get to know him and vice-versa, he can be of great help in times of need and understanding.
One of the most boring and useless course! plz dont take it. He had no clue what the hell he was teaching and what he would teach on a given day. Save urself and others from his curse.
He doesnt care about teaching..want to increase the student strenght so that he ends up earning more..wat a waste of money and time..
No Comments
the worst prof one can get
This man is a terrible professor and enjoys abusing his power. He doesn't even have a pHD and he teaches graduate courses. What a joke. His is unqualified and should be removed.
1263746	Ellis	Horowitz	12
This was one of the  worst classes I took at USC. Exams are ridiculous. You have to memorize everything, even the footnotes. Assignments, except for the last project, is boring and very basic which I did not learn anything from. He has no office hours and won't help much if you email him. Won't take any courses with him.
Overall he does not teach you anything besides the very basics of wen technologies. If you want an easy A, go for it, memorize all the slides and study past exams. Assignments are mostly a joke and can be done with minimum effort. At the price I paid for this course at USC, and the course being  grad course I was expecting more advanced topics.
Easy A course. Study slides and get an A. Good but easy assignments
He teaches the very basics of the web technologies. Assignments are mostly easy todo. Exams are confusing, heavily relied on memorization of notes. Overall not recommended if you want to get hands on experience. Better to take it with Crowley in summer
Very clear explanations. He prepares very well. The material is a bit antiquated, but other than that I think he's an excellent professor. Oh yeah, and he cracks great jokes.
He doesn't teach you anything. Better to read the slides yourself. Exams easy but confusing.
not good course.U work hard on ur assignment 7 after one week u get so many hints that makes u feel why r u in this class.no distinction b/w who is gud or bad.u might see sum really gud students getting B or C..BAD...
He makes u comfortable with frequent deprecated jokes of his era.If u really want 2 learn web stuff,I would recommend prof crowleys class.
the course is easy,so anybody can teach it.Dont be fooled by saying prof horowitz is gud.He is definetly not gud & u wil notice urself how he cripples when things get a little bit complex.
The best class I've ever taken in computer science. Prof. Horowitz is awesome!
No Comments
One of the best proffs. Excellent teaching style.
1792111	Paul	Rosenbloom	12
Worst Professor ever encountered at Viterbi.  Incompetent grading and terrible lectures (at least you can miss up to 7).  Half of the course is based off of his scientific theories and he makes you buy his own book.  He responds to questions in the vaguest and most unhelpful manner.  Can't believe this is still a course at USC.....
By far the worst class I have ever taken or will ever take. USC is delusional to have this as a class, let alone a co-req  
Living in his own scientific 4th domain all the time, no one can understand what his theorems are talking about except himself. Incredibly boring lecture and content. The only useful part is the content which does not come from the prof himself. Cannot believed this class can be approved. 
If you are considering taking this class bc your are a Computer Science major I highly recommend declaring Computer Science and Computer Engineering so that you can take EE 109 and then switch back into CS after that semester so you won't have to take this class. Yes, it is that bad.  It will be annoying to have to put effort into this nonsense.
You can miss up to 7 classes a semester. That's the only good thing about this class.
This is a horrible and pointless class. It could be made better-- if there was another teacher.
Not a good class. Boring content created just by professor himself for all the second-half of the course. Just make you don't want to the lectures and do the readings. The discussion sessions are way better cause the TAs are cool. The class is not that hard but just helpless. The first-half of the course is pretty good but the second half is evil.
I thought this was just a pointless class which probably fuels my dislike for Rosenbloom. However, we spent the majority of the second semester going over material that he created himself... which didn't add anything to our education. I felt like my time was wasted during lecture however I can see where he would be better in a different class.
THIS professor is not good.
Worst class ever.  I am expecting that this class will get dropped.  The class is an easy A, but entirely frustrating.  The 2nd half of the course is him arguing his thesis of comp sci as the 4th scientific domain.  Not entirely sure how this is pertinent at all.  I disagree with the review below though, he doesn't care if you disagree with him.
Literally the worst class I've ever taken about USC. Rosenbloom wrote this book where he makes claims that Computing is a scientific domain and makes us learn all these things that he created. We get assignment where we have to argue whether we agree. If you don't, you get graded down. It's just a horrible, pointless, and subjective class.
This guy is awesome.  He is a major contributor to his field and knows the subject matter well.  He speaks in a concise manner and is very fair.  I would take any other class he has to offer immediately.
1270165	Sherin	Guirguis	12
Wasted an immense amount of class time due to a badly organized collaboration project with a 402 class. Had a week and a half to complete 4 large projects. Pulled too many all nighters for this class. Lastly, Sherin grades harshly.
She's really nice. If you don't want to emphasize in design, don't take her. But if you're interested, she definitely pushes you to your limits. Don't do the bare minimum because your grades will suffer. There are 2 vocab quizzes in the semester.
No
very nit picky.  do more work than she asks and she'll like you- which is very important.  She teaches you to be a perfectionist.  if you want to be a designer, she teaches you to be the best.  if youre looking to slide by, she's not your gal
I am fine w/tough graders but when there is no explanation of why you got a C- then there is a problem. If she supported her decision b/c of reasons A, B, and C on your project then I'd say it was a fair ruling. Its just never done. To make matters worse she is vague &/or keeps changing her criteria for the project. Keep looking guys. Bad road.
A really tough grader. Never gives 100% on any projects. But she gives you a lot of freedom on your projects which i thought was great. She makes you buy really expensive art supplies, be prepared to spend about $200. This class is very time consuming, and the very expensive text book by Idden is not necessary. You cant even understand it.
TOUGH grader, and is not very understanding at all. if she doesn't like you, your grades will suffer. DON'T TAKE HER.
doesn't give good grade. you will have hard time trying to earn those points... don't take her.. she will ruin your gpa
Sherin is very knowledgeable about design and the contemporary art scene, and I learned SO MUCH from this class, but I would not take her again. She can be overly critical, and is not understanding at all. Often assigns far too much work. Don't look to her for  mercy... However, she knows her stuff. I would take another professor, though.
Critiques are brutal sometimes, but they do usually end up helping overall. This class is WAY more time-consuming than you'd expect. It's a skill-based, not effort-based class. All about following instructions carefully. I liked Sherin though, she's def qualified to teach this course and I learned more than I expected to.
Sherin is a really awesome and incredibly helpful teacher but WOW there is a lot of work and she is very picky. A lot of the assignments seem tedious and I pulled a lot of all-nighters but if you are in design, everything she teaches is pretty necessary.
she is picky! she demands perfect work! and she doesn't like the way you do... take another professor instead.
1128518	Dominic	Cheung	12
Nice, easy but can't control class. I would just leave class every day after the first few times because the texting/talking/facebook environment was so distracting. That being said I still got an A in the class - just a matter of studying before the tests. The quizzes on the stories are a bit tricky, though. Also Cheung is the sweetest prof ever.
Cheung was a fantastic professor! You have to work for your grade in this class, but you are given all of the resources to do well. He was very knowledgeable and the TA's were amazing as well. I definitely recommend this class!
Professor Cheung's comments are funny in lecture. His lectures can get boring at times but his lecture of Buddhism was definitely interesting. Be careful of the 2 required papers but otherwise the class is pretty straightforward. I really appreciate the straightforwardness on Dr. Cheung's part because a lot of students take GE's cause they have to.
Easy GE2. TAs are very nice. Dull lectures.
Dr. Cheung may be easy but he is extremely good and knowledgeable. I have never come across a teacher who is so versatile in every aspects of art and literature in China. Take his class, you won't regret.
I didn't pay attention in lectures at all and got an A. However, my friend did the same and got a C. Depends on how well you cram. There are two exams, a quiz at the beginning, and two papers. Super easy. The reading is mildly interesting and Cheung is ADORABLE.
Dominic Cheung is like my Asian grandpa. He is so nice and he does the funniest things in class. Everything you need to know for his tests will be given to you either in lecture or discussion section. There's one midterm, one final, and two papers. If you pay attention during lecture, you could probably do well without reading the textbook.
Dominic is the BEST TEACHER EVER. He's this cute oldish Asian guy who is extremely nice. He tells you exactly what you need to know for the midterm and final as long as you attend class. EASIEST CLASS EVER! great ge. TAKE HIS CLASS and you wont regret it
I would definitely recommend this class. It's very interesting but be prepared for a LOT of reading. The tests are very easy but based ENTIRELY on the books. They are not on sparknotes (or any other sites like that) so there's no way to get around it. Attendance is mandatory but on the bright side, we always got out an hour early.
Very easy teacher. I think our classes were supposed to be 80 minutes and we got out after an hour every single day. His lectures were pointless but required to attend. Midterm and final were very easy. 10 page essay may be only problem. Otherwise class is a joke.
SUPERRRRRRRR easy class. easiest ive EVER taken. Not mandatory to attend lectures-but DEFINITELY MANDATORY TO ATTEND DISCUSSION. TA spoon feeds you, so if you take good notes in every discussion class, no way you cant max the paper. Just make sure to attend and take notes in discussion, and its a guaranteed A. TOOOOOOO easy.
It was actually really interesting, and the easist class. Professor Cheung tries make it more interesting by teaching culture as expressed in art.  He let us out early every day, the midterm was one page multiple choice and fill in the blank, and he gave us the questions to the final in advance
1849372	Ladan	Masoudie	12
Prof Masoudie is great! Even though she can be unclear sometimes, she is always willing to help you during office hour. I don't blame her for the lack of clarity, since Macro economic is full of "what if this happened" and there is never a definite answer to a certain problem. 
This class is very easy if you do the problem sets and go to class. The tests are exactly like the homework problems. She's not the best lecturer but she is really nice and goes over confusing concepts until everyone understands it. She's also willing to boost your grade a bit if you're on the border and she sees you come to class.
Masoudie is nice and approachable. Tests can be difficult but come straight from practice problem sets and class examples, so if you do the work not a hard A. Moves very quickly, slides make little sense wo lecture
She is really kind, helpful & clear in conveying about 90% of the class material! Industrial org is based on game theory concepts, but if you haven't had game theory B4 don't worry, she does a good and thorough brush-up on game theory! WANT A GOOD GRADE? take notes and do problem sets! exams are the exact same as class examples and problem sets
Masoudie has absolutely no idea what she is talking about. After a month I started to count how many times she responded with "I don't know" or "maybe i will have the answer at my office hours" and was truly disgusted for having to pay money to attend class. She is extremely unorganized and i can confidently say that I did not learn a single thing
In all, a pretty terrible professor. It is sad to say because she is so nice, but I really felt like I was wasting my time in class. Really disorganized and confusing, refuses to post the complete notes to the website, so even though i went to class it may it hard to study. really no point to taking this class, you could learn yourself quicker
Friendly and attractive woman. Yet, incredibly disorganized and very bad at explaining the material (her notes are useless). She uses 450/452 book up to midterm 1 only, the rest comes from "somewhere else" and nobody knows from where. 2 midterms, 5-6 HW assignments, cumulative midterm. Avoid this class if possible, it will save you some health.
Masoudie is super hot. I thought this class was hard though. She is really nice, probably one of the better professors in SC's ECON department...but that's not saying much.
God screw this professor. You have to attend lecture to understand her models. The book that was assigned does not have examples for all the models that she teaches. Why would you pick a book that doesn't teach what you are teaching?!? A lot of students don't attend all lectures so they have trouble.
Prof Masoudie is a little bit intimidating at first, her lectures aren't super organized at times and she tends to move really fast. However she is kind hearted and will try to help you out . She does give random pop quizzes from time to time to check attendance in class and to see if you understand. Overall shes ok, you can do a lot worse though..
She is a good professor and a very pleasant woman. She is always willing to help the students and gives great hints during the exams. However, her lectures are sometimes disorganized and unclear which makes it difficult to follow. Take good notes and you will be fine. READ THE BOOK!! 2 midterms, cumulative final, 4 homework assignments.
Attendance isn't mandatory but recommended, bases her notes from the textbook and powerpoint slides. She is very random at times and hard to follow but she cares about the material and willing to go over topics that are confusing. Very approachable.
22291	Bart	Kosko	12
For one he makes you work for the grades, Weekly Quizes(60% of the grade) and weekly homework. Finals are easy as they are mostly based on weekly tests. Miss the class and discussion and you will definitely lose track as to what is happening. Gives good grades in the end provided you do decently in the weekly tests and submit all the homeworks,
Better take the same course under some other prof, he is focused on phd candidates, so a masters student feels left out. I feel the same will be true for all the courses he teaches.  Makes everything look super complicated; although he gives you strategies to remember stuff.   Take his class if you can work very hard or have very strong fundament
Incredible mind. Unconventional teaching and thinking style. Daring. Tough. Thought provoking
Best Professor
Very Good Professor. What can I Say &#63; A++
Pretty awesome professor. I would totally recommend taking a class under him. You want to get used to his speaking though...its actually friendly, but it might come accross as tough. Personally, I can totally identify with him.(Ya, think a modern version of Conan, with degrees in tons of subjects).
What a dreadful instructor. He clearly doesn't care at all about whether the students understand the material and spends all his time outside of class trying to be some kind of talking head.
Very interesting class, tough tests
Good professor... but make everyone &quot;think&quot; and then work; don't expect spoon feeding or standard assignments His TA is also really good :)
Excellent professor with expertise in, basically, very wide fields: finance, electrical engineering, math, music, everything.
No Comments
Webcast class but not available webcast
739750	John	Choma	12
Choma has both goods and bads. His concepts are very clear but he doesn't go deep enough for a graduate class. His projects are simple and wont learn much. Recently he has become old and busy with manyother commitments and the course lack that rigour it had.
Best professor in EE so far. Visiting him during office hours was always a pleasure; he is very helpful. His exams are not easy, but not too hard at all as he clearly tells you what type of questions you will see on the exam. The course is hard, not him. I hope you take him if you can. 348 could have been disgusting but turned out its not that bad.
Very good professor. Highly recommend taking him for EE348L.  He is not easy, but if you want to learn, he is the teacher you want. Very accessible during office hours if you need help understanding topics.
Prof. Choma is the best professor I had at USC both in undergrad and grad school.  He makes you work, but he is also one of the most accessible professors in the entire EE department.
I took two undergrad EE classes from Dr. Choma at Sacramento State in the early 1970s.  Dr. Choma was among my first contacts with professional EEs.  Although I did only average I had a 27 year career in semiconductors.  I still have my mimeographed &quot;Choma Notes&quot;.  Thanks again Dr. Choma
Awesome professor, learned a lot. the class is not easy, but grading is fair and he tells you what to expect on tests. He really knows his stuff
Best professor in Analog Circuits also a very good advisor
Professor Choma is THE BEST teacher of analog circuits on the west coast.  I HIGHLY recommend taking his courses if you want to learn from the master.
Great professor, very clear in his lectures and his assignments. Focus on fundamental understanding and grasping concepts. Exams are fair, difficult, and on point
No Comments
I took Dr. Choma's class 21 years ago.  It was a refreshing change from all the incomprehensible lecturers I had been subjected to prior to this class!  He made learning about transistor amplification fun!
He is an awesome prof. The best ever! He is the God of Analog!
1209166	Konstantinos	Psounis	12
He is the worst professor ever for Probability. Worst decision taking class under him. Merciless grading by TA's. Professor is not at all helpful nor motivating 
Just rushes through the topics and does very simple problems in class which are already done in the textbook, but the problems given in midterm and finals are "out of this world" tough and is all application oriented rather than just problems. I realized going thru just the textbook probs is useless. Has the worst handwriting. Gives sad grades too
The course is very difficult and very huge. The professor tries to complete everything. The exams are really really difficult. The exams are open book. The professor tries to test your understanding of the concepts rater than you skills of memorizing some formulas. Overall, it was a great course. I learn't a lot in probability.
I agree that the course in itself is quite tough. But the professor goes very fast when he teaches. Students cannot keep up. have to go over his den lectures multiple times to understand. He just gives theory in class and gives very very tough problems for exams and midterms. Try staying above average. otherwise your grades are going to be bad.
This is a new course and there are no standard textbooks available. Still his notes were very effective and gave comprehensive understanding of the subject.
Awesome..
Worst Professor... Never take class under him..
This guy is extremely friendly. It is your luck if you're in his class. Don't about grades because he will give what you want if you did do your best. He is a cool guy in and after class. What he talks in class is very clear.
Good professor. Teaches fast, but clear. Many homeworks, but insightfully designed. He rarely gives A, or below B+. Prior knowledge of probability helps a lot in his course. He is also cool and funny.
good prof..though goes a bit fast. also tries to give a reasoning of every conceot with a comparison in real world..helps a lot.
No Comments
He teaches ?Probability and network modeling? on falls, ?Advance topics in Computer Networks? on springs.Fantastic teacher. You will learn a lot and enjoy his class very much.He has a very nice & cool personality.Grading:mainly A- &B+.There is a hard final simullation project.Teaches a little too fast the first month(basic Probability)so work hard!
549528	Emily	Anderson	12
Prof Anderson is really sweet, and really knowledgable! She was an amazing professor, especially for first semester students in Thematic Option. Her classes are very discussion based and fun, and her quizzes and the final were pretty easy, if you do the reading. I really enjoyed this class, and she is one of my favorite professors at USC!
Professor Anderson is fantastic. If you do the readings, come to class, and partake in the conversation, she can be a fantastic resource to take with you beyond the class. Her office hours are also very casual and informative.
I could not imagine a better professor to have my first semester in college. Brilliant, thoughtful, and really sweet, Professor Anderson helped spark a heightened interest in literary criticism for me. This is a very philosophical class with a lot of "thinking about thinking," which can be difficult at times, but she facilitates it very well.
Professor Anderson knows her stuff. But challenge her to give specific accounts of this &quot;stuff&quot;, and you will run into some problems. My guess would be that she is a better teacher in a straight up English Class as opposed to Thematic Option. As far as TO goes, avoid her if you want to learn anything from your course.
She's very enthusiastic, makes everything we read accessible, and is a lovely person. Highly recommend stopping by in office hours for a chat, she's very easy and fun to talk to.
She's a really great and energetic person that made Shakespeare seem interesting. I sparknoted the entire class, but for papers she can grade pretty hard so make sure you actually work on those. Just participate in class, work hard on the papers and you'll do great. Definitely one of the better GE5's
Took her Plays, questions, and performances class. She made Shakespeare interesting. You'll be fine even if you sparknotes the readings, and although her lectures are only sort of tested on the midterm, it's fun to listen to.
She's really interesting and cares about teaching
Often, college professors are extremely knowledgeable about their subject or are very good teachers.  Prof. Anderson was the epitome of both.  I could not have had a better professor my first semester of college.
I adored her.  She was the most helpful, sweetest, and amazing teacher I have ever had here.  It didn't hurt that I also understood her teaching style from day 1 because she also taught at my boarding school.  I recommend her to everyone.  Fair grader and passionate about what she teaches.
I can't say enough good things about Emily Anderson -- so energetic, so smart, so committed to her students. It was her first year of college teaching & she was a natural.
Excited about her work and brings a woman's perspective to 18th century novel and drama studies.  A tough but fair grader and generous with comments on papers.  Totally hot.
1265174	Susan	Segal	12
I took Professor Segal's Death and Dying class for GE 5 and it was honestly the best decision ever! Segal has a way of initiating meaningful class discussion that makes the students want to participate. She is also very helpful during Office Hours, so if you ever have any questions regarding the essays, do not hesitate to drop by for advice.
Segal's been one of my favorite professors at USC. Her critiques are helpful but gentle, and she's immensely respectful of students and their work. The nature of the class requires a lot of participation, but Segal was great at breaking through the initial awkwardness and making people feel comfortable enough to speak up. 
She has interesting things to say about content but make sure you stay true to your own style or form, because if you take her recommendations too seriously then this class can be very homogenizing. Otherwise, class is tons of fun and you will definitely leave with twelve new friends you feel like you've known your whole life.
I adored Segal. Good writer and seriously knows her stuff. She just has a sense of what a story needs; her critiques are always clear and valuable. She's also a riot--fantastic sense of humor. The workload is not light, but if you do your stuff, an A isn't hard either. The class is strongly structured, which helps a lot.
Incredible professor! She's in love with fiction and if going into the class you aren't, coming out you should be. Such a keen, intelligent eye, very helpful with critiques, and more than anything, funny as hell.
I took her Death&Dying class. Attendance is mandatory but you won't mind going - very little lecture, lots of discussion and movies. She's very friendly and personable, but you have to put effort into the essays.
Philosophy of death is very interesting. Semester starts off with lively discussions of readings, but class slowly gets fatigued and later part of semester can get a bit boring. You get to watch a lot of 6 Feet Under and good films, though. Visit her during office hours. She'll give advice on what to write. Can be a tough grader.
Sarcastic and funny, doesn't take class seriously. Good GE for Arts and Letters - I took Death, Dying and Contemporary American Fiction.
Took her Death & Dying class and loved it! If you have to take Category 5- take this class. The subject matter is interesting and the readings aren't bad- lots of short stories for the most part.
Took her Death&Dying class & loved it! She's an amazing, funny, and passionate professor. She assigns weekly readings (heavy at times) & sometimes a movie. Attendance is mandatory & grade is mostly based on 3 papers, creative project (final), and midterm. Not an easy A but if you want an interesting class & a fantastic prof. this is the class!
Great professor. Took Death&Dying as a GE and do not regret my decision. Class was pretty interesting. Professor Segal was very helpful and fairly humorous. Passionate about English and writing. Takes attendance and gives a good amount of reading. Assigns multiple essays but is always offering to help and schedule office hours
Fantastic prof. Workshop is not only invaluable, but also amazing fun. The workload can be a bit heavy at times, but 303 is generally a little- to no-pressure class that can/will push your writing to a higher level. Highly recommended!
7528	Tara	McPherson	12
I have taken her 3 times. She can be boring as a person and somteimes the class drags on. That being said she is down to earth and will spend time with you in office hrs. Also unlike the rest of the cntv faculty there is no ego. She is a very nice person too.
Compared to Casper from CTCS 190, Tara is really boring. However, the concepts we go over in class are quite interesting. I go to class weekly (even though you really don't have to) and I (usually) enjoy it. The TA grades everything and you are assigned to a TA by last name. 2 papers, midterm/final (based on readings/lecture).
Boring. The class is based entirely on your TA so try to find an easy TA. Most of the TAs are pretty reasonable thought.
As a person, I love her.  She's nice, not self-absorbed, really down to earth, and a bit of a nerd.  As a teacher, she is very boring.  You really don't need to go to class except for the screenings.  While she is an easy teacher, the TAs do all the grading.  So if you have a hard TA, this could be a difficult class.  Otherwise, she was okay.
The most intelligent and least self-absorbed of all the CNTV professors.
No Comments
No Comments
cute, interesting class, helpful, no curve - easy to get an A
After class do some sweet talking and she will raise your grade
No Comments
She is hot....
She knows a great deal but class is sort of boring
255204	Eunice	Howe	12
Professor Howe has a great grip on the subject matter but cannot grasp hold of how to lead a class. She does not put effort into organizing her lectures ahead of time and does not convey material effectively. It's so frustrating to spend thousands of dollars worth of tuition on a class whose professor doesn't care enough to make it engaging.
Eunice is a very nice woman, but she is very awkward and this became an inside joke with my class. She is very repetitive and boring, but easy to get an A. Just participate with BS answers and she'll love you. The tests are easy, just memorization from the slides in class. The essay prompts are easy too. Easy GE 5 overall.
the class is pretty boring. fair amount of reading but you dont actually have to do it. its a ton of memorization of things that arent emphasized which kind of sucks. the tests arent accumulative tho which is really really nice but makes it hard to be motivated to study
Smart lady, but didn't really translate that into good teaching. Not my major, but after talking to AHIS majors they vented against her even harder. The work is not hard, but it's tough to understand what she wants. The feedback she gives is poor. One test you can get an A, then a B- the next. Also she wastes time a lot and is disorganized.
She was a great art history teacher, but you have to go to lecture to do well on the tests.
This class is boring. I think the reviews underneath me are seriously joking... She knows what she's talking about but its not very interesting.. (7 churches that look exactly the same) I fall asleep in this class all the time and so does alot of people. Midterms are memorization but grading is retarded and too much to memorize for 1 test
such a wonderful woman. id take the class again.
Prof Howe was an amazing teacher. she absolutely changed my life. She inspired me to do want to do something with my life. She opened up my eyes. Every minute of her class was exhilerating. I have never learned so much from one human being. And her nephew is pretty sexy
Eunice sucked. A lot. She was a terrible professor and I learned nothing from her that wasn't in the book.  The class was retarded easy, but staying awake was impossible.
She knows what she's talking about.  However, I decided to take this class for fun - and it wasn't.  As a non-major I found the class to be pretty hard, even though I was interested in the subject matter.  She is pretty though on grading papers, too - make sure you write what she wants to hear.
not a great teacher. she has her favorites & at times it's like she's only lecturing 2 them. w/ the exams feed everything back to her and 4get about going the distance w/ ur own analysis...been there done that. just avoid this prof.
Sometimes it took a while to get ready for class, but I learned a lot in this class. She was very helpful in office hours and approachable.
719151	Ewa	Wojciak	12
Loved this class and this teacher. She has some amazing experience on her and great advice. Her critiques are always helpful.
Also don't get why everybody loves her. Not impressed at all. Experienced yes, unhelpful = YES! Meaningless class. 30 min of Youtube teaches you more. Became a LEGEND AT USC for no REASON.
I also agree with the person who gave her a poor rating. She is always late to class . She has a lot of experience in her field but she doesn't do anything to help her students. She gives you an assignment and time to work on class but that's it. When you go up to ask questions her answers are short and unhelpful. She should teach upper classes.
Ewa is super experienced in the industry and hilarious in critiques. She's honest but never mean and reasonable with deadlines. She also plans cool design field trips. Take her class!
I am not sure why everyone adores Ewa. She is unquestionably qualified and has a lot of experience but is lofty, unprofessional, and unhelpful. She is constantly late/cancels class. She only offers her opinions and does little to actually help you improve your design work. I might take her for a higher level Design but not for Design 2.
Ewa is an amazing professor. She's very laidback& fun, can make class interesting. Her feedback during crits is always helpful, she's very honest but never mean. Take her!
Ewa is an artist, pure and simple.  Design  is her world.  She has a very independent and rebellious point of view, but what would you expect from someone who was the first art director on LA Weekly&#63;  Her dark sense of humor adds fun to the three hour crit classes and she always has interesting events for design students.
wonderful person.
Fabulous and helpful, especially when it comes to your career.
She's an amazing professor! She's honest and open about her opinions, which are very helpful.
She's not afraid to be harsh and very honest during critiques and thats what I love.
Very fun teacher.  Keeps class interesting!
1709431	Maura	Brewer	12
Maura is an excellent teacher. She breaks down the readings into easier to understand material in class. The class is a mix of philosophy and art theory, and I loved every minute of it. Definitely a class worth taking--even if you're not an art major. Highly recommend.
If you are required to take this class, you are actually blessed. Maura is the best professor I've ever had the pleasure of taking a class with. I never wanted the classes to end. She makes dense material easily understandable and is very excited about the subject. She was the beacon of light between my language requirement and a terrible GE.
LOVED this class! Maura is an amazing teacher and made it all make sense. I learned so much and loved what I learned :)
She is the BEST professor I've ever gad! Even though the subject is hard, she is really keen on helping you understand. If you at least skim the reading, the lectures will make sense and you will get an A.  TAKE NOTES.
Maura is one of the best professors. She is really engaging and interesting. Its not hard to get an A and I actually look forward to going to class. The tests are also easy as long as you took good notes (or get good notes from a friend).
Maura remains my favorite prof. at USC! She is very fair and thinks about what students actually enjoy doing. She was always pleasant and a good mix of silly and serious. Take this class--I can promise that you won't regret it!
Maura is my favorite teacher at SC. I went in not knowing what to expect from the class, but quickly fell in love. She makes material fascinating and comprehensible. Readings assigned for every class, with short summaries/reactions for each (worth .75pts). Readings are often difficult, but lectures are great.
I had her for Visual Culture and Literacy I and I was dreading the class. I never enjoyed the theory part of art, until her class. The readings get long and confusing, but I got on A in the class by just taking notes in class. She makes difficult concepts easily and truly wants to make sure you understand it.
Maura is an excellent and very intelligent teacher. I had her for art theory (level one during the spring 2012) and it was extremely easy. I never opened the textbook once. As long as you take thorough notes in class you'll be fine.
I am in an artistic major, and knowledge I attained in her class has helped me in every class since (e.g. what is postmodernism?). She makes each lesson memorable. If you don't understand something, make an appointment to speak with her (she is very helpful). One of my favorite professors.
Maura is absolutely wonderful and the class is interesting too. It not just all art theory, it covers really interesting things, and Maura makes it really fun. I would recommend her and this class even to non art majors.
Maura is one of the best teachers I have ever had. She makes very difficult concepts very clear and makes some very dry theory incredibly interesting. She cares about her students, is totally approachable, and genuinely loves what she does. You will learn a ton of really fascinating things about the history of art, and actually understand it.
609086	Terry	Seip	12
I know Seip is retiring, but he's probably one of the best professors I've ever had, hands down. He's understanding, interesting, smart, and makes class really worth while. His papers are stimulating, but not hard, and his readings are interesting. He will be very much missed!
Seip is an incredible professor. His lectures are enthralling and provide insight into how America ended up the way it is today. In office hours, he is always willing to discuss topics with you and clarify anything you may not understand. Tests are all essay-based and he is looking for understanding of his lectures. An amazing class and professor.
The perfect GE to take pass/fail.  Only 3 tests and a family history project.  Tests are easy but graded hard, and the family history project is graded really easily.  Seip is a cool guy and cares a lot about his students
Seip is really smart and a great guy; super caring/understanding. His lectures can be all over the place sometimes, but its not a problem as long as you can pay attention and TAKE GOOD LECTURE NOTES. The tests are graded pretty tough, but as long as you do well in discussion and the FHP, you'll be alright.
Seip is an awesome and crazy intelligent professor!  Lectures were always interesting.  The tests were hard, but there was only one essay--the family history project--and it's easy! Seip is also understanding and easy to talk to.  The class is recommended, but I would its not a cake walk--an interest in history is important.
What a great class and professor. I recommend this to anybody for GE Category 1. Take great notes, because he wants raw lecture detail on the exams. Get started early on the family history project (seriously) and you will learn so much about yourself through your parents and grandparents. Make your parents really open up to you - it's fun.
Awesome and cool professor
Such a great class an Prof!!! He was one of my favorites at USC. Really funny and keeps you interested in class!
Cool guy, very caring
I loved this class and Seip!! Seip is awesome
ive had him for hist 200, 300, 356, 357. hes flexible and extremely knowledgeable. hes open to new ideas and comments.  he leaves a lot of comments on essays to help u improve ur writing and hes great in office hours.
No Comments
1601275	Ramzi	Rouighi	12
He's very interesting and unique. Definitely not the usual type of professor - some might be put off by this, but they are missing out. He is sarcastic and funny and not afraid to explore very controversial topics.
He is very unclear about his expectations in class. All of your work is graded by a TA. Most of what he says in lecture relates very little to what you're assigned to read, but you still have to discuss the reading in lecture. Avoid taking him.
I can't believe the previous reviewers. Are you serious? This prof. doesn't sugar coat anything (why should he, it's history). He is very supportive and pushes you to give your best. Obviously, not for everyone, but if you want to learn something valuable, take him!
His humor is hard to grasp and his assignments are long, but his grading is easy. Go in with an open mind and a shut mouth and you'll do just fine.
Interesting guy, but can be confusing too - hard to follow his train of thought during lectures. Ok subject matter, but mostly bland. Course is heavy on book reading and lengthy assignments based on them. He makes himself out to be a really hard grader, but he's actually alright, pretty condescending , but in a relatively funny/joking way.
He has no filter. Know that going in and you'll love the class. If you are offended easily, you'll hate the class. Don't take what he says personally, keep an open mind, and actually read the material and you will do just fine.
I would have given him a 0 if I could. Awful. Absolutely awful.
He is interesting in a quirky weird kind of way, however, he says the most raci(st) things that I have ever heard out of a professor. BUT surprisingly, I did learn a lot of interesting things.
This guy is super amusing but a bunch of people think he's inconsiderate and rude.  If you take yourself too seriously, don't take his class.  But he actually teaches some really interesting stuff and you can learn a lot if you just pay attention.  He likes to pretend he's a hard grader but really he's very easy.
If you're a history major, get to know this guy - he took a genuine interest in my life and is still helping me out a year later, and I think he's great. But lectures can be tough to follow, expectations aren't always clear and you can't always tell when he's joking. Lots of primary-source reading, too.
He is really rude and condescending. He makes you feel stupid for sharing in class. He makes you feel like everything you say is incorrect, even if you are quoting the book.
Rouighi's lectures are prone to go off on very strange tangents. many of his assignments are out of the blue, last minute (often over email), and very vague. Grading is unclear at times, although the tests are easy.
1079019	Lyn	Boyd-Judson	12
Professor Boyd-Judson is my favorite professor that I've ever had! Not only is she brilliant but she is one of the kindest people that I have ever met. She does so much for her students, and she has given me some amazing opportunities. I look to her as one of my role models. I highly recommend her!
LBJ is without a doubt one of the best professors I've had. She took an interesting topic and led me to think differently about it, but also fueled a desire to continue learning. You deliver your best work because she brings out the best in her students. I want to be like her someday, which says a lot about the type of professor and woman she is.
Such an interesting and thoughtful lecturer! Professor Boyd-Judson has a very unique teaching method, and actually learns along with you. She is a fair grader, and always keeps her topics relevant and captivating. I would highly recommend taking any of her classes.
She is one of the nicest, fairest, and most fun teachers at USC. In IR 308, a problem-based research project that included traveling to Egypt & Turkey, she found a perfect balance between academic pre-departure reading, professional interviews, and cultural activities. I feel more professional and confident in my research abilities thanks to her.
Professor LBJ is hands down the best professor I've had at USC. She is kind, caring, and gives you the freedom that you need to do your own work. Most importantly she sets a bar for you and after you've know her, you don't want to let her down. I feel like I've grown tremendously academically and as a person because of her. OH! And she's hilarious!
I was a part of Professor Boyd-Judson's PWP class to Egypt and Turkey, and she was the best possible professor to do this with! She was so enthusiastic and genuinely caring about both us individually and the class/research experience. She gave us a lot of independence during the course to lead interviews, but she offered us guidance when needed.
She is an interesting lecturere and brings to class interesting and relevant topics.  I enjoyed her class.  She has a written midterm and a written final but she also has other ways to score points which was useful to me.  Some reading material was often difficult to decipher but most of the readings were interesting.  Take her class.
She is a good teacher and knows her stuff. She is used to teaching a 300 level class so the 100 level is a little tougher than needed. Make sure to keep up with book readings and you will do fine. Also get to know your TA because they do all of the grading. If you know the vocab covered, you will be good to go.
Amazing professor. She's used to teaching 300 level classes and this was her first time teaching a 100 level class, so in the beginning it was pretty confusing. However, she was very understanding and open to suggestions. She's very helpful during office hours also. For IR 101 though, the TA's have quite a bit of grading power.
Lyn is an excellent teacher, whose classroom relies more on discussion than lecturing straight from a textbook. She allows students to tailor their education by pursuing the topics that most interest them, which fosters interest in the subject. She is a relaxed and very approachable teacher, but still expects that you prepare for class every day.
Boyd-Judson was an amazing professor. The class was relatively easy and you could get away without reading if you wanted. The course was too broad and general for her to really go in depth about any single area, which was a waste because Boyd-Judson is clearly very intelligent. Her teaching style is casual and open, and she is very approachable.
Prof Boyd-Judson is one of the, if not the, hardest professor I've had at USC. However, the classes were fairly interesting and she is certainly very knowledgeable on all subjects discussed in class. The Midterm and Final were based almost solely on the readings we did. Tough class but interesting and impportant
666692	Felix	Guttierez	12
This class was really interesting but Felix is a bit too slow for my taste. He's a really nice person and VERY caring to his students but quite honestly I was very bored by his lectures and didn't want to go to class most of the time. It's a relatively easy class but you have to do all your reading (which is a lot) and keep up with due dates!
Vague.
Don't take this class if you don't want to read a lot and memorize a lot because this class is only interesting and fun if you're into history. I personally enjoyed the class and loved the professor. Looking forward to taking more classes with him
its hard to say anything bad about uncle felix cause he is such a nice guy and really loves teaching and every student, but his lectures are SO boring. you actually have to read the entire textbook for exams, but if you just study, its not hard to get an A. if you reach out to him, hes a great professor, just not to listen to for 2 hours.
Uncle Felix is awesome! The class can drag at times and you must read the textbook and attend class because of the four quizzes he gives out. You have to study to get an A and be in good terms with your TA since they do all the grading. You must also spell names right or else you'll get the question wrong. Overall, the class is ok.
Felix is awesome. I can see why graduate students like him more, seeing as our seminar is 12 people, so he actually gets to know everyone and their interests. I think hes very engaging and his projects are relevant and fun to do!
This class is SO LONG. The lectures seem to go on forever, and while &quot;Uncle Felix&quot; is extremely connected to his students, it doesn't make him a better professor. Anything on people of latin descent will be on every test.
If you spell a word wrong on a quiz, you're going to get it wrong. One of the worst profs I have had at USC. If he was more fair in the grading system I would have appreciated the class much more. If he likes you, you'll be fine. My advice...SUCK UP!
No Comments
Great prof and really entertaining and funny guy.  He takes time out to help you and makes the learning fun.
Felix is a great professor. Not only does he teach you about many little-known events in media history and the importance of ethnic media, but he also goes out of his way to help his students with letters of recommendation, advice, and scholarship information. He even has guest speakers in the class and allows student input.
He drones on... so boring, class material not stimulating at all.
143445	Robert	Sacker	12
He is hard to listen to and follow. What he teaches in class is sections far ahead of what the homework is on. I never went to class unless there was a test and just taught myself and came out with a B+. If you don't like teaching yourself, don't take this class.
He is pretty uninteresting and the lectures are confusing because he only uses examples and doesn't tell the class what section he is doing. He also sometimes makes small mistakes which makes the material even more confusing. I'd recommend taking this class from another professor.
His lectures don't make sense.  He's not helpful at all.  I strongly advise you not to take him for this class!  I'm taking his class right now and he makes no sense.
For this course, his instruction is ok.  His lectures are a bit slow, but he still has plenty of time to go over all the content of the course.  The book and homework assignments are extremely helpful when studying for his exams.  Overall, he is a good professor.
The nicest professor at USC! Always willing to help students out and genuinely cares. Tells us what topics will be on the midterm. His lectures are all theory-based, so I taught myself from the book and the TA. But his midterm questions are the same as hw problems and nothing too advanced, so if you understand the hw, you will do fine!
He's a nice guy but completely incomprehensible, disorganized, and impossible to learn from. Without the TA I would never have learned the material. This class should not have been hard, but because he is so difficult to understand, I had to teach myself the entire course.
This class was so difficult, thank god for the TA who was great. I learned everything from her because I couldn't even understand Sacker. He uses notation for everything and his handwriting is difficult to read. He gets off topic a lot and spend most of the lecture talking about theory, not examples. He takes roll too
No Comments
216
No Comments
groovy
He has a tendancy to delve *deeply* into abstract theory w/o warning
1787634	Yuncheng	Lin	12
Absolutely terrible. He usually goes over one chapter per week, but doesn't provide students with even the minimal ability to do the homework problems. Going to lecture is useless since all he does is simply babble all lecture long without actually explaining anything to the class. His class greatly demotivated me this semester.
Very unclear and hard to understand. Unable to explain even the most basic topics to students. Limited english skills and absolutely illegible handwriting. Do not take this class.
Don't take him if you can. At first, I could barely understand what he was saying because he was so quiet. His lectures are literally copied off of the textbook. Doesn't prepare you well enough for the finals (compiled by all the math professors). Don't take him. His the worst. 
As a person he's awesome. He makes sarcastic remarks during class and if you go to his office hours to talk about exams or grades, he's pretty understanding. However his lectures aren't the easiest to understand if you're not 100% focused the whole time. I honestly probably learned more in the SI sessions for the class.  He curved nicely though.
He is super nice, generous in grading, considerable for student! Take his class is you can! 
Professor knows his stuff but has no idea how to teach it!  Lectures are confusing.  He assumes that if he's showed it to you once, that you have mastered it.  (<--his words).  His T.A. is also very knowledgeable but also does not know how to teach. If you take this class, be ready to teach yourself via youtube videos or lots of outside tutoring.
One of the worst teachers I have had at USC. He uses his iPad as his lecture tool and his handwriting is nearly impossible to read, so I suggest teaching yourself straight from the book. Tests are open book-open note, but they are still extremely difficult.
He's a friendly person and will quickly admit if he has made a mistake (like too many questions on a midterm).  He goes through topics very quickly because he already knows them and forgets that his students may be very unfamiliar with these foreign topics. However, he teaches straight out of the textbook; lecture is optional for success.
this class is extremely easy except for the final. he told us what's going to be on each quiz and midterm, so the only way to not ace them is to not study. minimal hw as well. the final was hard tho, and i bombed it but still ended up with A- in class
He pronounced the "chain rule" as the "cheng rule." He gets really deep into proofs, and his lectures are pointless. My TA (Jared) was the clearest math lecturer I've ever had though. Lin says the class won't be curved, but my 52 on the final was an A-... The quizzes are fair, and you're told what will be on them ahead of time.
I heard that Professor Lin is the best professor for Math 126. His lectures are hard to follow, his English is difficult to follow and he stands in front of his work on the board, so it is hard to read. The quizzes are fair. The midterms and final are difficult, but the class is curved. Completely do-able, but you will have to teach yourself.
Professor Lin curved his class nicely even though his syllabus says he will not curve. Also, he is sometimes hard to understand so sitting towards the front of the class may help.
1853216	Gokhan	Yildirim	12
He explains difficult concepts very well. Really nice and approachable person. Very helpful during his office hours. 
One of the best courses I have ever taken. His lectures are crystal clear. He explains  the difficult concepts very well. We had 3 review sessions before the final exam, and we solved 4 final exams from previous years. It was really helpful for studying the final. Not an easy instructor but you will learn a lot if u work hard.
Dr. Yildirim is really good. Attendance is not mandatory but he randomly takes attendance and gives bonus if you are in class. Lectures are very clear, he explains all the details and knows the material very well. He holds his office hours late afternoon so you have chance to go and discuss assignments. He is very helpful during his office hours.
Professor Yildirim is a great teacher who works hard to try and make Stats as simple as possible. Gives extra credit for attendance on random days so go to every class. 1 homework assignment/1 quiz every week (big part of grade). 2 midterms (medium difficulty). 1 final- can use one page of notes front and back. Hard to get an A, but not impossible.
Awesome guy. He is great at simplifying complex things. Explains the subject in a way you can understand it. Before an exam he does a review and makes sure you know everything. Fair grader on tests. there is one quiz and HW each week, you should really work hard. It is worth your effort because you learn a lot in the end.
He is very dedicated to his teaching. Very intelligent person and knows a lot about Calculus. His lectures heavily depend on textbook. Exams are not easy but hard questions are similar to sample exams' questions. take his class but work hard.
He is a nice person and knows the material very well. Basically he follows the textbook, but you should work hard to get a good grade. Exams are not easy, you might have time problem unless you practice a lot. He is very helpful during his office hours. I would like to take another class from him.
He definitely knows his stuff but his "teaching" consists of him just reading out of the book. He also speaks very broken English and is pretty boring. I zoned off in about every lecture which is probably why the class seemed so hard.
He is excellent. Explains everything very clearly.Runs review sessions before each exam.Exams are not easy though,U should be really smart to answer some of the questions(I did:))Sometimes makes very smart jokes. U should practice a lot before midterms otherwise you would have time problem during the exam. Take his class if u really want to learn.
Speaks a little on the quieter side. Definitely sit in the front if you want to be able to hear and understand everything.  Has a good sense of humor and is always happy to help students during office hours.  Show him that you want to learn ie. go to class, office hours, etc and he'll help you get the grade you want.  Overall, fair class.
Instructor is very enthusiastic and clear in lectures and very helpful in office hours.
Average class. Lecture is not mandatory. Homework and quizzes every week, but they aren't that difficult. Awful during lecture. You can barely hear him. He is great during office hours though.
680780	Parmer	Fuller	12
I had so much fun in this musical class. The essays that are due every week are tedious, however, but are easily graded. Nine 2pg essays, midterm, listening midterm, final. The listening midterm my year was extremely hard, however, so beware. Overall, an extremely fun and easy class. Would gladly take again.  
Amazing teacher. Hilarious in class and the work is very fun and never difficult.
Amazing life experience. Harvard graduate. Talk to him with your personal life problems, he'll give you legit and effective life solutions. He knows life, been there, done that and just intelligent. Smart smart man. Non-music major can be a little hard, but not impossible. Lots of memorisation but you'll walk out with thorough musical knowledge!
Amazing, intelligent, sweet, thought-provoking, endeavoured professor that wants to share his musical experience and knowledge. If you aren't music major can be overwhelming and confusing, but email and talk to him. He'll help you in any way possible. Weekly 2 pages essay and musicals to watch. Lecture can be dry. But REALLY AWESOME PROF!
Hahaha oh Parm...I came into his Musical Theater Workshop and for the first few weeks I HATED it because I just didn't get it...by the end of the semester, I really think I got a lot out of the class. Parmer loves to ask you a bunch of questions after you sing that you'll think "What the heck does that have to do with anything?" but it's useful!
Great music director for our show. Was very clear about what he ultimately wanted from us and was willing to take time outside of rehearsal to help anyone who needed help. Brilliant, brilliant guy.
Great class for anyone who wants to work in musical theater. Very laid-back and fun, but has a lot of good tools and tips to use. If you want him to take you seriously, you have to do work.
if you need a diversity this class is so easy and interesting! you get to watch musicals and the reports are super easily graded. also you get study guides for midterms that are pretty straight-forward. parmer is definitely an interesting guy so lectures aren't even a pain to go to
Loved this class and professor. Highly recommend.
The class is fun, it's a good environment to make friends in.  Parmer himself hasn't really done much to improve my performance ability, but the class requires that you sing every week so the frequency of performing can't be a bad thing.
No Comments
he is generally a good teacher, but he really needs to be nicer!  i've enjoyed his class many times, nevertheless...
939715	Chris	Roze	12
Took his year long composition for non-majors course (I am a music performance major).  He is an incredible teacher and knows everything.  He sets the bar high so be prepared to work and you will learn a ton.
Roze is a great teacher who is extremely knowledgeable about what he is teaching. However don't expect an easy class. He expects you to work, and the workload that is assigned throughout the semester reflects it. If you have to take this class and want to get it over and done with, I suggest you take it with another teacher!
Great professor. Knows his stuff really well and is super helpful and caring. Also, he can be funny at times in his own way.
CR is the greatest aural skills teacher you will ever encounter. Also a great theory teacher. He wants you to understand it, and he explains things SO clearly and completely. Because of him, I have a much more comprehensive and understanding ear (on many levels) when listening to music. Just don't be late all the time or he will not be happy.
By the end of the first year with Chris Roze you will basically be worshiping him as some kind of Demi-God.  Seriously, do the work and you'll know the theory better than anyone else at USC.
Roze is the best teacher for entry level theory. He is always  open to questions and is very patient when students are having trouble. He isn't that easy, but you'll walk away having learned a ton!
hard to understand what he wants from his students. almost self study!!! very low communication skills! I did not learn anything from him!
Roze is the best theory teacher I've ever had at USC Thornton. He is incredibly gifted and encourages the class to CARE about the material. Sure, he has a lot of homework and is definitely a challenge, but he motivates you to do well and grades fairly. He has made me LOVE classical music even more than I did before. Never belittling, always patient
Roze's class is hard, but theory itself isn't an easy subject, it takes work to learn and his classes take work. However, his lays everything out is such a clear and logical way that it is impossible to get lost. He truly cares about everybody understanding what he is teaching. I will truly miss him next semester.
Great professor!  That best theory and aural skills teacher I've ever had!!!  he makes sure you are getting it and teaches it well.
He is a good teacher, knows his stuff. Can be kind of an opinionated guy who picks favorites, but if you can get over that, and you ask questions and do your homework, you'll like the class.
Roze is a fantastic teacher. He is hard, but really wants you to understand the material. He got his Master's at Julliard and his Doctorate at SC. He knows his stuff, doesn't let you get away with crap, is hilarious, and is probably the most valuable and qualified teacher I've had here.
1448878	Steve	Hsu	12
Great Physical Conditioning class. Steve is a great guy and really knows his stuff. There is a final and a midterm but most of it is common knowledge if you are already into fitness. This class offered everything from circuit training, yoga TRX and even Zumba (which was hilarious) overall a great class to get a good workout in
Awesome class- Steve really knows his stuff and tries to explain everything as clearly as possible so you get the most out of the class. He takes attendance and there is a midterm and final exam as well as two performance tests but it's easy to get an A if you show up and pay attention.
Easy yoga class, but there is a midterm and a final. Both have two parts: performance and multiple choice.  It sucks that you have to read the book though.  So READ the book otherwise you'll fail the tests.  Also, he gives you a study guide and as long as you know every point on there, you'll get an A.
He is a good instructor. The only thing that I disliked was that he was late a lot! Don't be late for a 50 min workout class!! And skip all those tests. We're here to work out not to come to a lecture.
Yes he is really knowledgeable in yoga. He doesnt only teach the poses in class but does explain the yoga principals during class and during difficult poses. I always feel extremely relaxed and pleasant after his class. YOGA!&lt;3
Two words: TAKE HIM!!! Prof Steve is the most kind, helpful and adorable teacher you will ever have. I will definitely be taking another class of his because it genuinely was one of the greatest classroom experiences I have had in my life. He is an amazing person and Stress Management is an incredibly valuable class!
Had him for aerobics and he is the nicest guy. Really upbeat and learns you fairly personally. His classes were always a great workout but extremely enjoyable. Exams are really easy and he is really pleasant and understanding. Would love to take another one of his classes.
He's definitely knowledgeable about weight training, and a very nice person. But he's just not helpful. He throws his students into the gym without much (if any) guidance. In the end, the benefits of the class are that it will 1. help raise your GPA if you do your work, and 2. force you to go to the gym at least twice a week.
Great guy,an amazing introductory teacher. His yoga 120a is a wonderful class that that left me feeling happy and relaxed after every session. I recommend taking this class for a grade, because it's really easy to get an A as long as you show up to class (which you will probably want to do) and do some minimal reading.
Definitely knows his stuff about yoga. Nice and fair guy. Don't let the tests and the paper scare you away, they're extremely easy. Really relaxing class, totally recommend. If you miss class, he lets you make it up in another section as long as you let him know
This man knows what he is talking about. He is clearly well trained in every aspect of yoga: form, theory, everything. He tries (and succeeds) in giving his students the most optimal yoga experience. I've actually talked to him about his background and it is EXTENSIVE. Best yogi I've met and highly recommend.
best yogi ever! so nice and so helpful and very laid back. go to class for participation points, but he won't judge you if you miss. there's a paper and a midterm, but they're REALLY easy (i finished the midterm in exactly 8 minutes). this is more than just a yoga class, you learn life lessons too and it's so relaxing!
44247	Janelle	Wong	12
Stay away. Too much reading; very boring. And the final is just impossible. Do NOT take this if you're looking for an easy class.
Very easy class but extremely boring. One midterm, one final, and one paper.
not a bad teacher but the class gets a little boring. if you're not from LA or not a minority, you wont have a lot to say and it will be boring. midterm is easy, research paper is 8-10 pages but really not bad, homework is readings but i never did them, final is kind of hard.
Professor Wong makes the class interesting and the class has a very low course load.  One midterm, one research paper, and one final.
Could be a cool course, but teacher is only okay. Easy to get a B. But too many handouts. Save the trees.
No Comments
this clasas was entirly from handouts and slideshows, i was bored
No Comments
No Comments
First of all Professor Wong looks about our age,is hot, graduated from yale and is hella cool. She tests from the notes and isnt too dificult. I think she was one of the nicest at SC :)
No Comments
very nice and helpful...wants you to get the "A"
1307229	Jeffery	Sellers	12
He is the absolute greatest!! So nice and always willing to help. He is so passionate about environmental law, it's incredible!
This class was awful. Organization was bad, and his teaching style was awful. He's monotonous and unengaged. Wasn't really sure what was going on all semester. Reading was somewhat irrelevant. He's a smart guy but this class made no sense, with no connection between topics. Waste of time
Sellers is an OG Killa, he is very easy and does not give you anything without explaining it first. A midterm and final which you have the questions for, and 4 essays due on various topics that are also not that bad. I recommend Mendez as a TA if possible, he will grade fairly and help you, hes an OG
This class was extremely easy. Got an A without much effort at all.
Class was pretty tedious: 4 papers (nothing terribly long, including a group presentation and a couple more informal presentations where you get in a class circle and present from your desk), "pop quiz" midterm, cumulative final with a list of about 100 terms and  several essays, however, he gives you the questions ahead of time.
Class was hard to attend weekly simply due to monotony. This was a GE VI class - Global Environmental Issues. Teaches off of long powerpoints with some semi-interesting videos. Books should be optional--lots of reading assigned and never discussed. Tests/final EASY, easy A, just boring.
Barely did any reading, and got an A in the class.  Just know the basics and the main ideas of the class and you should be fine, he isn't very detail oriented.  TA's were nice and graded easy.  Very easy class, however, the lectures are quite boring.
His lectures were pretty bland, but overall the TA's grade the papers fairly easy and as opposed to lectures, there are different types of interactive learning that aren't too bad since you get a day off of lecture class the next day.
Professor Sellers is kind and very helpful.  He is always happy to help during office hours and will help explain difficult concepts.  The class is not to most interesting, but neither are most of the other social issues classes.  It is relatively easy to get an A without doing the reading. TAKE THIS CLASS!
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!  It is a Social Issues class, which comes with the assumption that the writing portion will be covered by writ 140.  During the course of this semester, we had 4 papers, a midterm, a final, a bunch of other projects, and a LOT of reading.  The lectures are dry and boring (I think I stayed awake through one of them).  Avoid!
No Comments
Very intelligent! Easy going, flexible and understanding. I took this class during the 6 week summer course. We had: 2 papers, BB postings, and 2 presentations. He is open to suggestions about final paper prompts and encourages students to write about what they are interested in. Soft spoken at times but overall a great prof! Take his class!
1514241	Nina	Rathbun	12
She knows what she is talking about but most students do not! Which is kinda terrible considering it is a classroom! She makes a great graduate professor but I do not recommend taking her. Maybe it is just my personal experience but I find her very rude and arrogant at times. The class has so much potential; I wish another professor taught it.
Very willing to help and give feedback. Good lecturer. Class was a bit difficult, but very rewarding.
This class is a great challenge. Although it is difficult and the professor has high expectations of the students, it is well worth is because she is so knowledgeable and engaging. This is by far the best IR course I have taken at USC.
Probably one of the more interesting class I've taken thus far. I learned so much about international law and the end of the year mock trial was a lot of work but at the end I enjoyed the process of doing research on the topic and presenting a case. There are a lot of readings every week and during lectures it's usually her that does the talking.
Very knowledgeable professor! I like attending her class because I can always gain a lot, and she is very open-minded with all sorts of ideas from students in class during the discussion. Her class is not too easy but she is not a hard grader as well. Just focus during the lecture and you will be fine! Good Luck!
By far the best IR class I've taken at USC. Professor Rathbun is a dynamic lecturer and the class was organized by topic to cover many issues related to global governance and international law. Mock trial project was time consuming but a good experience. Amazing prof- take this class!
Wonderful teacher, very knowledgeable, very helpful, good choice of readings, very engaged, involves the students. Oh yeah and she's gorgeous. I dragged myself out to this class on my worst post beer-pong hangover days.
Very approachable, but one of those profs who wants you to say what she wants to hear. I would bring up other profs' arguments in class and she would tell me I was wrong b/c she disagreed. Class has a TON of work (30 page single-spaced group paper), but not hard, just VERY time-consuming. In-depth coverage of global economy, but not of other issues
She is such a great professor and truly is there to help students learn the material. Her lectures are very interesting and she truly know a lot about the material. I would truly recommend any of her classes! Shes GREAT
My favorite IR class at SC. Rathbun is smart and knows IR extremely well, probably thanks to her experience working for the government. She is pretty demanding in class and with readings but the exams and overall grading are not as tough, which really helped me be open to truly challenging myself without worrying about getting a poor grade.
Rathbun is a great professor and her 305 class covers a lot of really interesting readings. But I have never an IR class that gives this much work. There is a midterm, final, extensive group project and group final paper, as well as a super time consuming individual data research project. If you are up for it, go for it.
Very knowledgable and willing to help you understand difficult concepts. Readings are many and can be tough but truly beneficial for our international future.  Class projects are fun and engaging. Class attendance mandatory and not that bad (although class was in the morning).  There are Bboard readings and textbooks...I rarely used the latter.
1524777	William	Breland	12
1. He's always repeating himself. 2. Repeating the word "creative" is the least creative thing one can possibly do.
He does extra credit practice tests to help you prepare for tests in advance and to improve your grade on the test. It's a win win and makes it so that you actually learn something!!
He completely discouraged me from doing any kind of research in the future. He is, as some people below stated, very unclear. The lab and lecture don't correspond. Spends a great deal on topics that don't even show up on the exams. Offers a lot of extra credit, yes, but that's the only perk. It's basically a repeat of 314. Useless.
This is sadly one of the worst psych classes at USC. Unstructured. His lectures are all over the please and very unclear. You have to go out of your way and make this class a priority in order to do well. Nice guy but TERRIBLE class.
Unclear. Not good at breaking down stats material in a way 90% of the class can understand. He rushes through what we're going to be tested on but lingers on pointless rhetoric. He's nice and chill, but as a professor, he needs to adopt more clarity. I didn't get what I was memorizing. I didn't learn how to do any of what the class intended.
His lectures make the majority of the test questions. However, they are very unclear and disorganized.
This class is completely useless, I'm really not sure what we learned or what he was teaching. The literally made no sense and the exams were fairly difficult. Dr. Breland is a nice guy but the class is not very clear. At all.
Honestly I was VERY disappointed with this class. Short answers on exams were only right if you wrote HIS definition verbatim. HORRIBLE lectures. So disorganized and complete text slides that didn't even make sense. At least exams MC were easy since they were the quizzes he gave every few weeks. Other than that-- not a good professor.
Lecture is mandatory, lab is mandatory but the difference is the professor and TAs are chill and nice. They're always one email away from helping out. My only regret was taking this class in the morning.
such a nice teacher, super helpful and wants everyone to do well so theres lots of extra credit opportunities. for a research class its not that bad, you work on the final report all semester so you're guaranteed to do well. if you have to take this class definitely take it with him!
The professor is super chill. He gives you so many extra credit opportunities you basically don't have to take the final if you do all of them. He's really helpful during office hours and all his tests are fair (he gives out study sheets and as long as you do the reading and can fill out the sheet, you're good).
He was a nice guy. He gave quizzes but they were counted as extra credits, so they don't hurt your grade even if you don't do well. Attending lab was required, which was very burdensome. Overall the course was easy but involved a lot of works.
471167	Robert	Bau	12
He enjoys demos a lot. He's speaks a little slow, but otherwise he's great and super helpful.
SUCH a good teacher. Took me a while to get used to Chem 105a, but b was MUCH better with Bau. Study old exams, as new exams are not much different. VERY helpful on bulletin boards, will answer all questions. Take Bau, NOT Parr.
Dr. Bau is a bit clumsy, but always available to students for questions and help, especially prior to an exam. His teaching isn't the best, but once you figure out his exam style it's easy to do well on his exams. I highly recommend taking him over Dr. Parr even though she's nice as well.
he's so clumsy. he has many class demonstrations that may/may not be on exams. he frequently makes mistakes while solving problems on board and always tries to touch hot things during demos and go &quot;Oops! its hOt!&quot;
a fair class generally speaking.
Dr. Bau such a sweet person. He knows his material and expresses concern in his students' achievements. His exams are strightforward and not that bad as long as you do the homework assigned.
I hated this class with very single fiber of my being. AVOID AT ALL COST!!!! SERIOUSLY!!! I can not stress that point enough. This man is unapproachable and very condescending. I feel like dirt after trying to ask him a question related to the material.
No Comments
best professor SC has...
No Comments
Bau is an absolutely fantastic professor!
dr. bau is a great caring man that will really take the time to teach you the material.  He takes his time teaching and is really patient. really recommend using office hours. he's 100x better than beudet. :)
593631	Doni	Winsett	12
Doni is one of the best (if not the best) professors I've had the pleasure of witnessing.  She is witty, challenging, interesting, and unafraid to admit when she doesn't know something.  She balances lecture with multimedia and hands-on activities, and is extremely clear.  Other professors should audit her class and take notes.
Doni appears, to try to be sensitive and mindful of your feelings as a student in her class, but she is really looking for something specific. She has a lot of material to get through and she solicits class participation and if you are not on point she can make you feel dumb!
Doni is tough and can give off the impression that she does not like you. She is however an amazing professor. I learned a lot from her. After I got to know her better, and proved I was willing to work, it turned out she was not nearly as scary as I thought.
She is a fair but sometimes tough grader. Expects a lot from her students, but really wants them to do well. her class was my favorite, and the one I learned the most from.  I always felt like coming to class was important and worth my time.
She's awesome. Don't read into her comments too much. She is very helpful and knowledgeable. She doesn't play games and doesn't want to waste yours of her time. Pretty straight-forward. She can be a bit rough around the edges, but really wants you to succeed. Meet with her during office hours, you'll see she wants the best for you.
Loved her class and teaching style, but its definitely not for everyone. Very helpful and willing to go over papers with you before they get turned in.  Interesting in class, but can be harsh to students in class as well.
HARD GRADER. OVERALL GOOD TEACHING STYLE. HOWEVER, ITS ALL ABOUT YOUR OWN PERSONAL CONNECTION WITH HER. SHE CAN BE RUDE TO CERTAIN PEOPLE AND SAYS SOME THINGS THAT GETS UNDER THE SKIN. HAS GREAT WORK EXPERIENCE, BUT LIMITED AMOUNT IS SHARED. CAN BE UNCLEAR AT TIMES AND SOMETIMES MEETING WITH HER IS FUTILE.
Great prof, she really makes an 8 AM class enjoyable.  Is very knowledgeable about the subject matter and always open to clarify confusing topics.  Great sense of humor.  She genuinely cares about human beings.  I will take her again if I can.
Great professor. Very knowledgeable. Her approach  may turn some off initially and may be seen as harsh but really she just doesn't allow students to deviate from the objectives of the course. Very organized, always willing to explain concepts that relate to the course, very good at redirecting class discussions, a pleasure to learn from.
Strengths: Good power point lectures. Weaknesses: Biased grading. Culturally insensitive to the students from different cultural backgrounds.
No Comments
Very interesting and engaging lectures, good knowledge of the material. Doesn't budge on grades and seems prone to turn suddenly on a student. Tough grader on papers.
1423678	Paul	Lichterman	12
You have to do a ton of reading and there are quizzes. Participation is key to getting an A.  The field assignments are easier than you think. I screwed up the second one and he let me to fix my mistakes and used my grade for the third field assignment for both my second and third. He is super understanding.I didn't deserve an A but he gave me one.
He's nice enough, but it's way too much work for a GE, and he's not the most exciting lecturer out there either.
Weekly pop quizzes on the reading with one question, so you have to do all the readings. Lecture is very boring, but if you can pay attention I'm sure you'll do fine. Field assignments are easy but they grade them harder as the class goes on. He's a really nice professor and is very helpful, but he is extremely boring.
Very easy especially if you take notes in class and do the readings, basically you just need common sense. The field assignment are not nearly as big of a deal as they sound at first. 1 point reading quiz once a week, 3 field assignments, midterm, and final. Great study guide for midterm and final. Caring teacher, learns nearly everyones name
He is a great teacher, very kind and helpful. Just attend all lectures;make sure to  pay attention, take good notes and you'll be fine.
Lichterman gives reading quizes once a week. However, they are really easy. If you keep up with the readings and pay attention in class you will do great. The Field Assignments sound a lot harder and more complex than they actually are.
He is a great great great guy. He is an easy grader but just his way to teach is WAY TOO BORINGGGG. Just take the notes and do the works! Everything will be fine :)
Very kind and makes an effort to remember students names. He expects and enjoys participation and class discussion. Readings not necessary but lecture attendance and notes are important. A relatively easy GE if you are willing to put in the effort.
Very nice and understanding guy, he really tries to be conscientious and clear. Take notes in class and skim the readings and you will be fine, the assessments are straightforward and general. Just be engaged in class and it will be no big deal. The required field research sounds bad but it really isn't.
He's passionate about his subject but the class is boring as heck.  The readings are the same.  Take notes in class and you'll be fine.  Discussions weren't that helpful either so form your own study groups and discuss there.  Tests are straightforward and as long as you know the concepts and case studies, you should do fine.
Actually an interesting class.  Not the easiest, but definitely not the hardest.  don't have to read anything at all, but taking notes during class will be your bestfriend. come to every class and take notes at every second, 2 exams are 4 short paragraph essays on the main points that he teaches.  big picture things.final, cumulative. super nice
Paul is very passionate about his field of work but tends to confuse his passion with his students interest. I took the class as a CAT 6 GE and got an A- with a fair amount of effort. Tests based largely off lecture notes and you must know the main points in the reading to do well on the exams. The assignments require minimal effort.
1589978	Marie	Enright	12
Professor Enright is an absolute sweetheart and I genuinely believe she wants all of her students to do well. She is clear in her instruction and prepared us well for each exam. One of the nicest teachers I've had so far and she made class enjoyable. I highly recommend this class for Spanish 2.
Profesora Enright was the best Spanish teacher I could possibly ask for. She is kind and engaging. Class time is mostly spent on completing and correcting activities from the workbook. Tests were straightforward and you don't need to ace every single one to get an A in the class. Not just an easy A, but a fun class taught by a helpful teacher.
Fantastic teacher. She really cares about her students and making sure they learn the materials. There is a hefty amount of writing, but it is all in class so the work is very manageable. If you show interest in learning the materials, she will help you along the way and make sure your grade reflects your effort.
The class was very entertaining especially because she included history into the teaching of Spanish. It seemed like I learned Spanish while I was in history. I definitely recommend taking her class. She is patient and readily available to help those that need it.
Best Professor I've had at USC.  This is my second semester in her class.  I don't love learning languages but she makes it really interesting and is personally passionate about Spanish culture, bringing a lot of interesting culture into the classroom.  Love her.
Professor Enright is a good teacher. She does a good job making sure that you know whats going on. She has you rate yourself on effort and she corrects it if she feels thats necessary, which is pretty motivating. You'll have a group project and tests almost every other week.
This professor is very passionate about Spanish. She is very engaging, kind, energetic,  helpful, and knowledgable about the language. She really cares about her students and is more than willing to meet after class with you to help you learn the language! My spanish improved with the class conversations, presentations, and projects.
Pleasure to be in class. Prof. Enright is always happy to clarify questions and teach spanish.  Loved going to class to see her smiling, ready to start a new class. Vocabulary is important...Many group activities.                                                Be sure to take Spanish class with this attractive, hard-working, and caring Professor!
Dr. Enright is fluent in Spanish yet very easy to understand. Like most Spanish classes, hers depends on the textbook to help explain the language. However, She facilitates the class in a way that allows students the freedom to joke and enjoy themselves. If you go to class the tests and quizzes should be fairly straightforward.
Enright is NOT uninterested in teaching. Every class she has a smile on her face and is extremely enthusiastic.  People always ask questions in my class, and she really makes an effort to explain a concept and help people. Yes participation is based on going to class but if you go to class the quizzes are incredibly easy.
the concepts are a lot harder in span 2 and she barely spends any time going over grammar. barely prepares us for the quizzes, quickly goes over important topics. seems uninterested in teaching. it's worth it to put off taking spanish for a semester to find another teacher
Very fluent in spanish, but SOOO unhelpful. goes over hard concepts too quickly and doesn't bother to see if anyone understands. your participation grade depends ENTIRELY on attendance so you can almost never miss class. try and get a different teacher if you can!!
385753	Alicia	Grosso	12
She is such a nice lady, especially one on one.  Very non-traditional, I applaud the school of theatre for hiring her. She is eccentric and warm.
Students expecting a traditional, structured experience are in the wrong department. This is theatre. We tell stories. Alicia has great ones. She will go out of her way to help students who show respect and truly want to learn. Her kindness and guidance helped me during a difficult time and possibly saved my sanity.
She's one of the nicest people, ever, but I'm not sure why she's teaching the class.  Instead of learning about any sort of technical theatre, it's &quot;Story Time with Alicia Grosso.&quot;  I learned more about the eating habits of raccoons than theatre.  It's kind of a waste to get up at 8 a.m.
Alicia is the most scatterbrained professor in the world.  Yes, theatre people are all about storytelling... BUT SHE IS A PROFESSOR.  She is supposed to be at this university to TEACH her students, not go on tangents about her weird obsessions. I don't care that Mamet or whoever lived in Santa Monica.  I care about learning about specific history and topics in the theatre.  Bottom line: she sucks but the class is required.  Get it over with as early as you can so you can move on with your REAL education.
easiest class ever. Just make sure to show up to your assignment and be kind to those you're working with
Alicia can be unfocused. Her class had no definate purpose. She is enthusiastic, however and tries to keep the attention of the class.
Alicia's great.  Yes, she goes on lots of tangents but that's what theatre people do.  She knows her stuff and she's very helpful.
She's my favorite.
Great teacher, funny, interesting, warm.
alicia's fabulous!  shes very understanding and personable... yeah she goes off on tangents but theyre funny and you still learn everything you need to in a comfortable environment... shes a doll
Had her two years ago, see things haven't changed. Get on a topic related to theatre and not rabbits.
201 was quite possibly the worst theatre class ever.  Tangents galore, and a tricky midterm.  Watch out.  130ab was a piece of cake- easy midterm and final.
385782	Joseph	Hacker	12
This professor is a narcissist. As a student who never received any other grade other than an "A" he targeted me and treated me with an unfair bias. I wish I had gone to the administration as this was years ago.
Thanks to having Mr. Hacker this semester, I began to get callbacks consistently. 480A has opened my eyes in a way no other class has. I understand where my acting does not cut it (but also know exactly how to prepare for an audition). Most dedicated/smart teacher I've ever had. Meets students WHENEVER to film/coach. Unforgettable, caring insight.
Hacker unlike many SDA professors truly understands the professional industry. I started booking bc of his audition technique. 480A/480B were the best classes I've taken. He's honest and challenging, but so passionate and cares about his students. He WILL make you a better auditioner if you do the work required of you. His book is also SO helpful!
Staple of USC. Hacker is a beautifully intelligent man who uses his life experience to teach just as much as he uses technique and structure. Yes, he has stock phrases that he repeats and he tells the same stories that are in his book.  However, those stories have stayed with me and have given me the drive to start writing my own. Really great man.
He's incredibly inspiring and intelligent. He shred with you the harsh reality of the world of acting in a way that doesn't leave you feeling frightened but rather feeling proud to be pursuing this art form. He's a gracious teacher who devotes his career to helping each student achieve success.
Hacker is by far the best acting teacher I have ever had. His class is difficult, but invaluable. It is the only class I have taken at USC that I feel has prepared me for the real world of acting. He is the most thoughtful, caring, and helpful teacher I have ever had. If you come prepared and do the work, you will leave a better person and actor.
An extremely bitter man IMO & outdated. Tries to trick with the hw. Many casting directors have mentioned his rude behavior and their inability to understand why SC has kept him teaching this class upon noticing it on my resume. Huge ego as well (book is his own) & made several VERY inappropriate comments 2 me. Not an enviro to be let alone act in
Best acting class
Serously the most useful professor in the theatre department.
Wonderful professor who really knows his stuff.  Has worked in the business and is very successful.  A great lifelong contact!
The most important class you can take at USC School of Theatre. You will learn so much.
If you want to be a serious actor, this is your teacher.  He is excellent!  Very blunt with students.  He knows the industry and knows how to give you the tools to become a better actor.  Everything he says is right on.  Take his advice seriously.
746256	Margo	Apostolos	12
Dr. Apostolos was amazing and I would recommend her dance classes to everyone. I took Modern and absolutely LOVED it!
She is wonderful!!! This class was super chill. There is only one really easy final project. She fosters a great learning environment. It was the one class I actually looked forward to every week. Take Mind and Body Fitness! Excellent professor
I had never taken jazz before this class, but I enjoyed learning the different techniques in a very low-stress environment. the class was informative and casual. I wish I could have gotten more individual help, but that's hard in a big class of people with different abilities.
Sweetest professor ever. Really cares about her students. It's nearly impossible to teach a class of 50 mixed-level dancers, but it's always fun and she's always willing to go slower or repeat things for beginners. Pretty easy class.
That Margo is the director of dance... At a major university in Los angeles is a sick joke. She can't dance, teach dance, or choreograph. Don't understand wherever haughty disposition comes from....
Margo is a lot of fun and has a lot of knowledge. The class was fun and it was a challenge to choreograph for the midterm and final. I didn't really learn anything new, though, (because I've danced before) and the combinations were often way too fast or complicated for the class to pick up. Really easy class and a good experience for new dancers.
Margo is a mystifying woman, a true Greek with incredible zest for life. In her Freshman Seminar, Mind and Body Fitness, she never ceased to entertain me with her erratic lesson plans and field trips. We went to museums, played music for each other and did yoga. You do not have to attend, but it's fun, so go! I highly recommend Apost.!
Margo made this Freshman Seminar intriguing. Her passion for robotics combined with creativity is unparalleled. She also helps her students in the real world by connecting them with other professors, coaches, or professionals so her students can succeed and realize their dreams. I had an amazing first semester at USC in part thanks to Margo!
She is really nice and the class is fun and easy. I enjoyed the emphasis on dance as a performing art and getting the chance to choreograph. However, she does not show the combinations full out so she can be hard to follow. Also she teaches fast for a beginning level, so be ready to pay attention and learn quickly.
a fun and easy dance class. no previous experience required!
No Comments
i've never danced before this class, so i've learned ALOT with her!! she's clear and kind and helpful and she doesn't grade too harshly as long as you understand the material and the steps. other more experienced dancers have said that she is TOO easy, but then again they're at a much higher level than me!
616485	LauraAnne	Carroll-Adler	12
She provides lots of office hours and conferences . Her grading is hard but seems to get easier at the end of the semester. She is overall pretty good for this class.
Conference times were great. Very helpful. Too many papers.  Would rather have 1-2 long papers with more time to research.
This class helped me with my Am Studies class. Overall a good experience
Class was better than I expected. C. Adler was very helpful and the class was fun.
OK class.  Kind of low energy compared with 140.  Material was helpful
Somewhat repetitive and boring lectures. Cares about students. Helpful during office hours and conferences.
I hate writing, but this professor got me through writ140. She's very helpful and gives you really helpful comments on all of your papers. I think she grades a little easier than most writ140 professors, but you still have to work for an A
Very helpful, forgiving, and understanding... My terrible 140 experience was at least saved by her helpfulness and kindness. I would guess that she grades easier than other 140 teachers, but still nowhere near easy A. Work hard, seek her help, and do your best, you will learn and improve so much. 140 sucked but having her was a great experience.
This professor is incredibly helpful. She wants her students to do well and has office hours multiple times a week. Every student should have a Writing 140 teacher like her. I am so happy I had her. Grades vary but she helps your writing drastically and getting a good grade is capable.
very nice and willing to help and fair in grading; getting a B is not difficult, but an A takes a little bit more effort
Very postive and helpful and patient.  This class helped my writing skills a lot.
Ms. Adler was incredibly helpful when I needed help on the papers she assigned (and there were a lot of them). She tried to make the class interesting and easy to understand and I totally appreciated that.
720949	Mark	Marino	12
It was recommended for me to take Coach for Writ 340.  At first all was well and he seems like a decent person.  But I can honestly say though out the semester, I have had maybe 3 or 4 classes in total about writing.  I do not feel that my writing has improved and there are useless assignments that he gives us.  Honestly a waste of my tuition.
Awesome, LOVE COACH!!! He is very approachable and instructive in spite of him leering at us from his throne of skulls. ;)
Very nice guy. Great at facilitating discussions. The class is very small so it can be intimidating to participate for shy people like myself.  As long as you turn in your work and can write a decent paper, you should be fine.  I managed to pull off a B and I was just an average student.  Also great if you enjoy the informal blog writing style.
Blogging. You have weekly blog posts on top of 4 papers and a portfolio, a service project as a class, participation and other random hw. He is great and exciting, but he tends to pile on the work without warning. This was easily harder than any other 340 class because there were so many little assignments. He is a hard grader.
only take this class if you like blog style writing. really nice/cool teacher but if blogging isn't your thing find another class
Coach is really nice, and definitely an interesting person. However, the class is very technology-based, and I didn't expect that for a writing class. We did blog posts every week, 3 essays, and a revision portfolio
Coach definitely made my writing 340 experience a memorable one. He's hilarious and has the best stories. He takes baby carrots to class almost all the time. He helped me in finding my voice in writing as well as find what I am interested in writing about. He gives a load of constructive criticism in every paper. Always willing to help.
he was a really nice person and made the class a joy
Definitely grab a class with Coach!  These required writing classes can be no fun, but between the carrots and clever approach to the material, Prof. Marino will make it so much fun. Awesome prof.
If you EVER have the opportunity to be taught by Mark aka Coach, you should consider yourself lucky.  I had him for WRIT 140. He made the experience fantastic.  He is very very helpful, and he will even just have a chat with you.  He's interesting, and just talking with him is a blast. PS: Bring him a bag of baby carrots, and he'll love you
One of the best professors at USC. Extremely nice, very smart, and incredibly well rounded for a professor. He's very good at creating an open environment and facilitating discussions.
Excellent teacher who was not only helpful with improving my writing, but also personally cared about his students. When I was going through rough patches during freshman year, not only was he understanding, he also provided the inspiration to keep up my commitment to my classes. I highly recommend him!
1152508	Diana	Blaine	12
Diana talks long enough to inevitably contradict herself, even within the same lecture. My main problem was she branded herself as a free thinker and a critic of elitism, but when students argued she acted condescending and dismissed us on the grounds that she's an "expert" with a phd. Class is 100% tangents that are interesting 50% of the time.
Honestly one of the best professors of my college experience. Blaine teaches with honesty and skill and care. We really need more professors like her
Diana is a really nice person, she is very understanding, and she is REALLY GOOD AT TEACHING.  Her Writing 340 class is one of the most valuable classes I have ever taken.  Great, great professor.
Blaine is such a great professor. Going to lecture every week is actually enjoyable, you will learn SO much. 1 term paper, 3 P/NP papers, weekly reading assignments, 1 final project. TAKE THIS CLASS. By far one of the best learning experiences I've had at USC. Get ready for some mind-blowing.
Dr. Blaine is nice and helpful. She is outgoing and fun to be around. That being said, she did not teach me anything about writing. You just talk in class and that's it. Her class is not easy at all though and she is a tough grader.
Taking Dr. Blaine's section was a great decision! She is truly passionate about the topic and seeing her students succeed. Her sections are so much fun as she injects her personality into each class, making them interesting! She's hilarious, kind, helpful, and makes this required course a joy to take.
Best Writ 340 teacher ever! She is literally the greatest. Due dates on papers are flexible and the class topics themselves are beyond interesting. You will never get bored in this class. This was literally the only class I looked forward to this semester, and that's coming from a biology major. One of the greatest professors at USC!
Dr Blaine is such a wonderful professor. She is engaging and makes the material interesting. There are regular readings, but they aren't discussed much in class.  Dr. Blaine is truly passionate about the topic, and has definitely influenced my involvement with feminism.
AMAZING class, I definitely think that everyone should take this class before leaving USC. Not a difficult class, but completely fascinating material. Attendance isn't mandatory, although I always looked forward to going to this class.
Amazing teacher -- I didn't want to take this class, but it was required and I lucked into a really fantastic section with this professor. Highly recommend taking a class taught by Professor Blaine.
AMAZING! She is the most fun, sweet, encouraging, inspiring, intelligent, passionate teach on this campus! Always willing to help you, talk, and get you to take an interest in something (whatever suits you)! Highly recommend this for your WRIT340 class no matter what your major is :)
This class was amazing. I recomend that everyone take this class before leaveing USC or just taking ANY class with Diana Blaine. She's a remarkable person who will get you to start thinking in a new way the way college is supposed to! Love love love this class and it's really easy to do well. Just show up and ask lots of questions.
1575399	Jim	Condon	12
Loved it! Made Writing 150, a class most people hate super enjoyable. Tough but fair grader, but he's always available and super helpful. Highly recommend!
Prof. Condon was a great professor, he knows what he is talking about and his topics are interesting to write. Sometimes it can be hard, makes you think; but I've enjoyed 140 with him and it definitely has made writing more appealing.
GREAT professor! Super clear and makes writing class fun.  Always willing to help with essays.  The only downside is that he's a bit of a hard grader
I had James (the name he goes by) this year and he definitely made this course more tolerable than I can hope to expect from any other professor. He's friendly, patient, understanding, reasonable in grading, and overall a cool guy (even has a doctorate!). Can't imagine doing writing 140 without his help
Class with Condon was WAY too hard, especially when compared to other 340 classes. That said, he was hilarious and class was always interesting. His topics are thought-provoking and he really tries to get you to think and write in creative and innovative ways. He grades hard, but really helps you improve your writing skills.
I did not look forward to taking Writ 340. However, Prof Condon made class interesting, funny, and definitely helped students improve on their writing. He was very approachable (always made himself available to students)  and always tried to crack silly jokes to make class a little more bearable. Very understanding and incredibly encouraging too.
Writing 140 is probably the toughest non-major requirement you take at USC. He's a really tough grader on top of that, so the class is pretty difficult. Lecture is fun and funny, you'll want to go. Office hours are beyond helpful, and grades really do improve over the course of the class. Overall, this class is way too hard but worth it.
Writing 140 is difficult and strenuous but Jim makes this class less stressful by his methods.  He cares about your opinions and thoughts and listens to your ideas, encouraging what you have to say.  Grades somewhat tough but fair and is willing to help with whatever.  Do not recommend SOCI 220 but if you can have Jim as your WRIT 140 TA, do it.
Writing 140 is a hard class, but having Jim as a professor makes all the difference. It was my favorite class of the semester simple because of him! He cares about his students and wants them to do well, and is one of the nicest professor's I've ever met. Also, he is so cute, so all the girls have one more reason to show up to class :P
WRIT 140 sucks. No way around that. Jim is a great professor though. Extremely funny and intelligent. He's a rather tough grader though so that's a shame. Not much you can do about WRIT 140 but at least you can say you met another funny and intelligent PhD guy.
He looks like woody from Toy Story. He's a funny guy and is really responsive if you show up to his office hours. His lectures are useful which is why I recommend showing up. He's a good professor, but is far from easy. He is a hard grader, but you will learn A LOT in his class.
Good teacher. And cute too. :)
1763085	Satsuki	Takahashi	11
She is the best teacher I've had at USC, her lectures are easy to understand, she is always willing to meet with you, even if you can't make her office hours. She is really clear about what will be on midterms, and hw and midterms reflect the lecture material. Best professor, we'll miss her for sure.
She is absolutely wonderful. The class is challenging but just pay attention in class and you're fine. I will miss her. As will at least 90% of my fellow classmates
Great Professor. 
Professor Takahashi is one of the most talented teachers at USC. She is well-prepared for each lecture and makes the most difficult concepts seem natural. Taking EE101 was a breeze thanks to Professor Takahashi!
Haven't finished the class yet, but Prof. Takahashi is the best. Best prof at USC so far. Very clear despite sometimes difficult material. Very understanding. Not boring at all despite a class that is an hour and half straight of lecture. Prof. Takahashi: If you're reading this, TEACH ALL OF MY CLASSES, PLEASE.
Definitely one of the best professors in EE department. Organized the course really well. She is really good at explaining difficult concepts and always relate them to real life application. If you have any question about the class, definitely go to her office hour. just pure awesome. I would love to take another class with her.
SHE IS AWESOME! Take her class. She is very good at explaining everything. If you do not understand, she is very approachable. Nice professor!
Good professor.  Clear lectures, good examples, and always prepare to help with any questions in office hours and after class. Homework is somewhat challenging, but it makes you think.
Great, sweet professor. Fresh out of her studies, so she is not out of touch with us. Weekly HW was reasonable and challenging, and she was always excited to help at office hrs. Final was rough but curved. Always related lecture to relevant research topics and kept class lively with jokes. Very enjoyable class. wouldn't take it with another teacher
Excellent professor!  Taught circuits well, and had reasonable homework/exam expectations and grading.  Explained the material very clearly as well, ensuring that the students understood the necessary concepts and how to apply them.  Also did enough examples in class so that we knew how to apply everything.  I'd gladly take another class with her!
Best Professor for Electric Circuits, the most improtant class for EEs. She is extremely intelligent, knows how to explain material using excellent methods, and is almost always sitting in her office, leaving her door open to anyone willing to ask questions.
1834649	Greg	Kling	11
Professor Kling was an amazing teacher because he understood that tax was hard and brought himself (a tax expert) to our level of knowledge. He made himself available to us to ask any questions, he even Skyped with me to go over my midterm exam during the Thanksgiving break. He is a great teacher.
I thought professor Kling did a great job keeping the subject matter interesting throughout the class. He would use real life examples when teaching the material. He was always willing to help students and answer emails quickly. You could really tell he loves to teach!
He's a wonderful instructor. The class is interesting and he likes to see his students succeed. I personally benefited a great deal by taking this class.   
I thoroughly enjoyed the class and gained a lot of knowledge that I will continue to use in the future. The class was interactive and I liked that he used a lot of examples. It has given me a better understanding of what my what my future career will be like. One  of the best tax classes I've taken in my college career.
Horrible
Professor Kling is an excellent instructor and it is great that USC has such great faculty. He has great knowledge about the subject matter and is a very enthusiastic and supportive teacher. I thoroughly enjoyed his lectures and he does a great job of keeping students' attention over a 4 hour period. Can't say enough good things about him.
Really a fantastic instructor and USC is lucky to have him.  Took time to answer all questions and apply real world examples to issues discussed in class.  Very fair grading and truly wants all students to succeed. Class was extremely helpful and applicable.  I would give him 5 stars.
I felt he was a great teacher. He knew some of us were really busy with tax deadlines and he tailored his tests to focus only on the most important topics. He was always more than willing to answer questions and tried to get the class involved. I would highly recommend him as a teacher.
Professor Kling was incredibly understanding of my personal needs outside of the classroom and very laid back about everything. No homework, all reading and problems review before class and if you can't do it he is very understanding. Great professor, highly recommend taking his class if you enjoy professors who care.
This class is everything expected and more. I saw the other review and have no idea what class that student is in. Greg covers the material thoroughly and only lets us out early because he has completed the material for the evening. He is very engaging and knowledgeable. Unfortunately, some people just have nothing nice to say about instructors.
Talked often about himself and unrelated topics.  Let class out 30 min early and rushed through important topics.  Often could not answer questions that a professor teaching this subject should know.
1721219	Sherman	Jackson	11
Hands down my favorite professors. I really wish there were more professors like Sherman. He's by far one of the most talented orators, and I would totally take his class again. Not too hard, but you definitely need to put effort into the class if you want that A. But Professor's accessible and he's there for you! Definitely recommend. TAKE IT! 
I wish more GEs were like this one. Heres the info - 1 midterm, 1 book report, 1 final. That's all. Study guide given (with answers) for midterm and for final. 95% of the exam comes straight from the study guide. Book review is 10 pages on any book about Islam. Attendance is recorded with a sign-in sheet. Didn't open the textbook once, unnecessary
I had difficulty selecting just three positive tags for Dr. Jackson. He's a fantastic professor who really cares about his subject. His lectures are always interesting and he's both intellectual and down-to-earth. He's hilarious. There's no reason not to attend his lectures. Lots of reading but you can avoid most of it if you attend lectures. 
Where to start.  Professor Jackson is a brilliant, kind, and passionate man.  He opened my eyes up to a different side of Islam in a respectful manner. I would HIGHLY suggest taking his class, he is truly one of a kind.  (And for those who just want a easy class, its easy to get a B with no effort, A with a little effort)
Prof Jackson is an amazing teacher - lecturing always with such contagious enthusiasm. He's a very kind man and is so patient and willing to explain concepts over and over until someone understands them. I would highly recommend taking a class with him. One should note that reading is NOT ever used - bought books and never touched them.
Amazing professor! Professor Jackson is fantastic orator and he makes difficult religious concepts easy to understand through hilarious anecdotes. Highly recommend. If you pay attention, you'll earn the A. But try not to skip out on classes, because you'll regret it when you realize that there aren't many other professors that speak/teach like him.
Honestly, this is by far the best choice of GE you can take at USC - I would have taken it for an elective even simply because Jackson is an incredibly great Professor. He engages every class - he's clear, he's funny - and mostly he is very fair. Go to lecture, I was always engaged. 1 midterm, 1 final, 1 paper. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
He was my favorite lecturer I've had at USC! So hilarious and knowledgable and reliable. It's worth it to attend all the lectures and be basically guaranteed an A, without needing to read the texts, etc.
Jackson is by far the best teacher I've had in my four years at USC, his enthusiasm for the topic is contagious - he explains things in such a way that it's relevant, interesting, and engaging - and I don't say this lightly. If you truly want to learn and gain the most from a GE, this is the course - I always look forward to coming to class.
By far the best teacher Ive had at USC. He knows so much about the subject, and is extremely engaging in every single lecture. The information is relative and completely up to date. If I could I would take the class again.
Professor Jackson made the class really interesting, especially for it was a GE. Topics were really relevant to race relations in society and his lectures were very informative. The course reader was expensive but used often. Very dynamic and engaging prof! Recommend the class for GE Cat II.
683666	Lanita	Jacobs-Huey	11
Quite literally the easiest class i've ever taken in my life.  Whether or not you learn much will depend on how you engage with the material, I personally thought it was very interesting stuff.  Absolutely do not need to know the readings to do successful.  Pretty sure I ended up with over a 100% in the class. MUST TAKE. Like really though.
The best GE6 option. Hardly studied, got an A. 
Jacobs is a hilarious woman but as a professor she really doesnt do much. All you do in class is watch films and the actual lectures are incredibly convoluted and rushed. Easy grading though as long as you do the readings.
Prof Jacobs is a very nice and hilarious lady. This class is fun. I especially like the interaction between students, TAs, and the professor. 1 paper, 1 midterm, and 1 final. Very easy, just do the readings. I honestly didn't study much for the exam but I still got an A.
I found the class to be interesting. She's a pretty cool, albeit a little eccentric. Class is not very challenging, but you'll still get a lot out of it. I suggest using this class when the rest of your schedule is very difficult, as a sort of break.
EASIEST CLASS EVER
She is very good teacher. TAs are good too. Not that hard to keep up with, just do the readings. She is very nice. It is a good class, recommended. Her lectures are fun and interesting. Not that hard of a grader.
This class wasn't very hard. It was filled with athletes, which speaks for itself. Professor Jacobs is a very nice lady, she is fun and humorous. The material and films themselves are terribly dull if you aren't interested in anthropology, though. The readings suck. One 5 page project and two midterms along with the final.
Professor Jacobs is great although I agree with the post below me, the class title is misleading and the content is really boring.
Lanita is a great professor and is clearly knowledgeable, but if you're taking Exploring Culture through Film, the course description is incredibly inaccurate.  The class is not so much a study of different cultures as it is a study of racism today.  If you're looking to actually learn about other cultures, take a different class.
No Comments
1745128	Catherine	Anderson	11
She's a decent professor. She's definitely a kind and compassionate person, but as a teacher, her lectures tend to be a bit disorganized. The subjects in the lectures were interesting, but her lectures somehow ended up being very boring. Overall, she's an average professor.
This class was in no way a continuation of THTR493A. It was just a rehash of a GE in art history, she didn't even try to make it a theatre class. Her lectures are pretty tedious.
Professor Anderson was not a bad professor, not always the most interesting of lectures, but even if you're only half paying attention you'd take something in. Good class if you're ace at bs, for the midterm, final and research paper. TA discussion is somewhat pointless but mandatory for final grade, only reason I would show up
This class is an easy A! She is clear, very nice, and the tests are a breeze. I didn't do basically any of the readings and got an A in the class, so yes, very happy with this GE!
Entire class is memorizing slides by artist, date and year.  Class attendance is taken most days. Readings help a lot with the midterm and final. Grade is based on attendance, mid-term, 7pg paper, 30min presentation, and a final.
This is a challenging class in which you'll need good memorization, note taking skills and the ability to BS out a 10page final paper. Her lectures are generally informative and inspiring, but would be difficult if you failed to do the readings. Textbooks are not mandatory but can be helpful if you didn't know much about arts.
This class isn't too difficult if you can easily memorize a lot of information. You don't need to use any of the text books if you attend class, and the readings aren't necessary unless you get a bad TA for discussion.
This class was so much memorization.  Had to memorize 100+ pieces for the midterm and final plus information about each one. Had readings each week. Lectures were long and tedious with her talking about images. Do not take this GE if you cannot memorize!
Professor Anderson's lectures are very tedious. Her tone of voice makes the material boring when in reality it could be very interesting. There are several reading per week... however, personally I haven't done them and I have done ok on the exams. If you do not enjoy ART  or MEMORIZING--DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.
This class is absolutely impossible. There is no way to possibly do all the readings. She made us memorize 127 paintings for the midterm! Waaay too much work.
This teacher is impossible! She makes us memorize every little thing about paintings and read a ton of books!! It's impossible to get A in this class
131033	Suh-Pyng	Ku	11
Professor Ku is a great instructor. If you want to concentrate in Finance, you MUST take her course; no other 306 sections cover nearly as much material as Ku's class. Tough, demanding, but very worth it!
Best professor!
Was worried about the class but actually found her quite helpful. Pretty demanding though.
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
because of this class I changed my mind in taking emphasis in finance.
She is tough, but she does care about students.  visit office hours, she will try to help.
Could one person be more stuck on themselves. I got great grade and I still hated the course. She needs to learn to be nice. It is freaking basic finance at SC, not freckin wharton.
No Comments
200157	Henry	Cheeseman	11
A mole place by UCLA to destroy USC students. He takes money out of his students by making them by a book that he wrote 30 years ago and teaches nothing relevant or useful. Then he acts cute in front of you and tries to use the small amount of power that he has for any reason at all. Shortly after class is done he gives out his personal recommendat
He is very entertaining and tells alot of corny jokes. But your grade solely depends on 2 50 multiple choice tests which can make or break your grade. Keep up with the reading and make sure you know everything inside and out. He wasn't hard but if you are NOT good at multiple choice tests, then I would take another class. But overall he was great!
probably one of the best classes and most entertaining teachers in the business school
Only 3 multiple choice exams.  This can be a major downfall when the course must be graded on a curve.  Remember, when everyone scores 100%, NO ONE gets an A.  Not a very thoughtful professor when it comes to differentiating his students.  If you score poorly on your first exam...better to drop out and try again next semester!
No Comments
Easy if you can remember the answers to the previous years exams he gives you
Easy class and very interesting, and a funny professor.  Who would've thought business law could be fun.  Just study the practice tests and you'll breeze through the tests.
Extremely nice and very entertaining guy. I think people say they didn't learn in his class because it's so easy and straight foreward. But... I'd say that I've learned as much in his class as I have in any other. The only difference is that he didn't waste my time with busy work and useless facts.
Extremely easy class. Don't expect to learn a lot, but easy to get a good grade. Very funny and entertaining teaching style.
Really Nice Guy. But I didn't learn anything really. I think his problem is that he is too nice to give bad grades some everyone gets B-. Plus the tests are right out of the book, so the whole class is based on memoriaztion of his book. But, he is funny
Business Law: Who would have thought a four hour class could be so entertaining!&#63;
1171574	James	Owens	11
In a world increasingly dominated by lifeless, text-message communication, this course brings the art back to business writing. Since accountants are not known for being wonderful communicators, this class provides invaluable skills that can set one apart instantly in their early career. Put simply, Professor Owens demonstrates, not just "teaches."
This course was a huge waste of time. Professor Owens seemed to run out of teaching material after about the first week and basically repeated variations of the same lecture for the rest of the semester. He is well-spoken and articulate but seems to use that to fill his lectures with fluff instead of substance.
Just amazing prof!  Best I've ever had!
The best professor in all of USC. Absolutely wonderful in every possible way. His class is really interactive, and a lot of group work, but the activities are fun. Definitely would take advantage of EVERY class he teaches here, you can learn a lot from this guy!
I have thoroughly enjoyed this class. Despite it being a writing class, I have never fallen asleep because Owens makes it so interesting. He truly cares about his students and you can ask about anything!
Great professor!!!  He actually cares about his students.  Very nice guy.  I recommend everyone take this if you want to take a business writing 340
Professor Owens is one of the best instructors I've ever had. Very friendly. Always willing to help. Your writing will improve after you take his class. He's not an easy grader, but that's how you get better. By all means, take him.
Definitely the best professor ever. Take him if you want to make writing your fort, your writing will look totally different at the end of the semester. He will change your life. Very clear, understanding, flexible, chill, and not too much work at all. 3 major papers and portfolio (only rewrites of the 2 papers) He is the best.
Not the easiest teacher for 302, but his class is definitely worth it and teaches you a lot about communication that you never originally thought about. He is an amazing person outside of class as well!
Amazing professor!  So interesting, and some of the most valuable information you will ever receive in your entire college career!  Just come to class, engage in discussion, have fun and learn!  It is almost impossible to get an A, but worth it, nevertheless
Professor Owens is easily one of the best teachers I had. The class is really useful, and he is a great teacher.
1760371	Cary	Frydman	11
Class was co-taught with Prof Ahern. Cary is a nice guy and does a good job of explaining the material. Even though he is quite monotone during lecture, he is clear and explains the material well. The practice exams are very similar to the actual exams, so just do those to study for the exams. This class overall was quite enjoyable.
Cary is hot. Never missed a class because his lectures were extremely helpful and he's a great teacher. Really clear, will always take time to answer questions. When another professor took over halfway through the class we all missed Cary. Take him! Finance will be hard no matter who you take it with but Cary makes it manageable.
Professor Frydman is an amazing teacher! Favorite teacher at USC. There are four tests worth 23% each and 8 homeworks worth 1% each and all graded on effort. He makes this class fun and really helps students understand hard concepts! 
I think overall Professor Frydman is a good teacher.  He is very straight forward -- truly only teaches you what you need to know for the test.  This semester there were 4 tests and no final (all non cumulative), he is not a super exciting teacher but he is from America and speakers proper English which is a plus.  I would take him again. 
You can tell that he''s extremely smart and way overqualified to be teaching introductory finance for undergrads... unfortunately this means he talks to you like you like you already understand the course material. Occasionally tells jokes and yes he''s really attractive per the chili pepper but he''s very monotonous.
He is a solid professor despite being new. The class is straight forward--no curve balls. It will be what you make of it. He is smart and, as he gets more experience teaching, he'll be an awesome professor.
7 online HWs, 2 midterms and a final. Average class as a new professor with limited teaching experience. Lectures are boring. It's not a particularly difficult class(but not an easy class either). Attendance is not mandatory.
Nice prof.. HW is not hard as long as you pay attention to the lecture. Exam is quite hard (40 mcq) but as long as you understand the subject, you'll be fine. Same things apply to any other 306 sections. Quite easy to get an A-
Prof Frydman is a very smart man - Caltech grad and all, but it was his first time teaching. Ever. And with that came issues initially - like being too softspoken, lacking confidence, reading slides he didnt write, too timid ; by the end of his first semester he truly knew what he was talking about and made his own practice problems. Easy to get B
not good
Be prepared for self study. Useless lectures. Read and memorize every single details in the textbook and you'll manage to get an average. Monotone, boring and indifferent about student's understandings.
1798490	Xin	Tong	11
Relatively easy class with minimal work. Concepts are clear, may be slightly hard to understand at first but if you ask, the professor has thorough knowledge on the subject.
Incredibly intelligent professor who can't teach. He just reads the slides and doesn't know how to make students understand stats at all.  It's hard to ask questions on material you have no understanding about. Avoid him at all cost.
I took AP Stat in high school and LOVED it. Came into this class, and I started to hate it. He is incredibly boring and doesn't know how to teach. Going to lecture is useless. Just review the power points and do the practice problems he gives and you're good. Plus, you make your own cheat sheet to use on midterms (formulas + notes!)
I took AP Stats in high school, loved it and things were clear. However, even with previous knowledge, Tong's class is a complete struggle. He is unclear and cannot understand a word he says (strong accent & basically whispers). Waste of USC tuition. May be smart, but can't teach.
Waste of USC tuition. Cannot understand a word he says, ask him to speak up and doesn't listen. Homework has nothing to do with what is in the book or what we learn online so is difficult to do, and we get graded on it. Why isn't he fired already? May be smart, but just can't teach...
wow this dude's actually the worst teacher i've had in my life. i don't care if he went to MIT....
If you have never taken stats before, do NOT take this professor! He's one of those teachers who are so smart that they just can't teach. Not clear, not helpful, and incorrectly answered one of my questions on the test, making me get it wrong. Not that much work, but you have to teach yourself EVERYTHING.
he's the worst. nobody went to class because its useless. 2 midterms and some homework but if you don't know stats, don't even bother. THE WORST!
if you are an absolute stats genius who doesn't need lectures/professor, take this class as there's very little homework and attendance is not mandatory. otherwise, AVOID HIM AT ALL COST CUZ HE JUST SIMPLY CAN'T TEACH.
Dreadful. He simply cannot teach. He is incapable of stating things clearly, and his mind-numbing lectures consist of reading word-for-word the Powerpoints that he did not create. And to top it off, he is very difficult to hear and understand.
TERRIBLE professor. There are probably >100 people who are registered for this class. Barely 20 show up. Doesn't explain anything.. Honestly, even the advisers here don't recommend him because they have gotten so many complaints. If you've taken stats before though, it won't matter, but if you've never taken stats...you're in for a rough semester.
1871344	Nuray	Akin	11
Akin does a good job at explaining all the concepts well, and her tests are pretty easy in my opinion.  However, she does tend to grade very harshly on the group presentations.  She will rudely interrupt your presentations and ask difficult questions.  Additionally, she is hard to find during office hours.
She makes it so difficult to arrange for office hours- this past semester each office hour visit was about 10 minutes per student. If you're looking a Professor that you can easily communicate with and who you want to be able to get talk to, Prof. Akin makes that difficult. There was a grading mistake this sem.- 2 tests 100 points each became 202.5
Professor Nuray does a pretty good job at explaining concepts. I feel like her class is easier than other microecon classes. Test averages tend to be in the low 80s, but also because of that A rose to 94%
Hands down the worst teacher I've ever had. If you care about your grade, dignity, and self esteem SAVE YOURSELF and do not take akin
She is a very good teacher, if you pay attention in class and do your homework you will do well in the class. If you participate in class she will like you and bump up your grade.
One of the most degrading, unpleasant teachers I have ever had. Akin is so unwilling to help her students, and she is so intimidating that I never learned a thing whenever I went into office hours. Terrible attitude and makes students feel afraid to ask questions because she'll make you look stupid or disrespect you. AVOID
Can often be rude and/or condescending to students.Not good with test feeback, despite breezing through the class at an A-average the entire semester, I somehow got a B+ after the final - which is because she did little to nothing to prepare us for the final and we had no clue what the content of the exam would be, and she never gave us the results
The class isn't super easy, but she's a great professor and will definitely teach you well.
Love her! Super nice teacher, you know she's super passionate about Econ. Her test are not un-doable just study her lecture slides and pay attention to the things she say in class.
She is very knowledgeable about her stuff, which will come off as conceited. Go to office hours and class because she covers a lot of information in each class that will be on the test.
One of the best professors I've had at USC. Not an easy class, but she was super friendly and it's obvious that she actually cares about her students.
1784897	Hanna	Reisler	11
Such a sweet person and professor! Lecture-wise, it does get difficult trying to understand what she's saying because of her accent. However, she never gets upset if you need to ask a question. Her tests are easy in the sense that they're very straight-forward and fair - she'll test you only on what she has covered.
Hanna treats her students as if they were her own children--if you ask her directly she will give you more help than you can handle. lectures are skippable, esp if you have good foundation from ibap chem. go to SI & do problems in textbook! TAs grade 4 midterms & 1 final fairly & quickly. Hanna is v generous with handing out As at end of semester
She is an amazingly sweet, supportive, and intelligent professor. Go to lecture, do the homework, ask her questions, and you will do very well. 
Professor Reisler is bubbly and really wants to help all students pass the course. Come to office hours and she'll clarify a lot of the more trickier parts of her Powerpoints (like derivations). Format of the class is 4 midterms (100 points each), 1 final (200 points). The curve is generous if you put in the effort; over half the class got an AA-
Dr. Reisler is the best professor you can ever get! She is always there for you and will do everything to help you succeed. Tests are not hard but still require studying. If you have taken AP chem this should be a piece of cake. She curves the class super generously so basically 80% of the class end up getting  AA-. 
Dr. Reisler is incredibly passionate about chemistry-she is utterly the cutest thing when she becomes genuinely excited about the material she is teaching. The class is difficult if you don't put in the effort but Reisler provides a good amount of resources and availability. I enjoyed her class thoroughly despite how painful it can be.
Great teacher powerpoint are good has an accent but very nice person always happy to teach u
Dr. Reisler is a great professor! She is very passionate and it certainly shows in lecture. Her demos are also really fun!
Professor Reisler is a good teacher! While her accent takes a little getting used to, her exams are fair if you pay attention in lecture and do extra problems for practice. Her office hours were very useful as well. She does a good job explaining concepts. Her curve at the end was generous. You can do well if you pay attention and practice!
Loved her. Did a lot of fun and explosive demonstrations. A little hard to understand at first, but got used to it. Super nice!
She was my best professor. She was a little condescending at times, but not at all in an unreasonable way. It was a tough class, but there are 4 exams, so if you do well on 2 and the final, you can get an A. GO TO HER OFFICE HOURS! She is extremely understanding, and takes lab TA's opinions into account when rounding final grades. SHE WAS AWESOME
1687349	Laura Isabel	Serna	11
Some of the material is cool to learn about, but Serna's assignments are impossible. She is also not too helpful. She loves herself for going to Harvard. 
No tests, only projects but her TAs grade harshly for a lower division course. She always seems flustered while lecturing and her powerpoints contain no useful information. She also picks the most boring examples of films to screen.
one of the worst people i have ever had the displeasure of encountering. super dismissive, annoying voice, grades harshly, and the take home final is pretty much another research paper. i genuinely hate this class and have lost all my interest in this subject since meeting her.
Serna is by far my least favorite professor at USC so far, and I'm in my first semester of my senior year. She doesn't teach, she just reads off slides most of the time. Her TA's are fantastic! But that's about it. Her "take home" final is the worst. It isn't a final. It's a 12 page research paper within itself. Avoid this class!
Serna has a very interesting way of making a subject as uninteresting and annoying as possible. Do not take.
"Whatever, thing, kind of, sorta, that stuff..." "Most of you were probably born after 1889" are all things you are likely to hear in this class.
Worst class I've ever taken in my whole life. I cannot recall how many times I fell asleep in her class. Extremely boring and strict grader.
Rude and boring. She doesn't know how to teach. She has a lot of passion for the subject, but she doesn't know how to translate that to her students. You'll learn a lot more from the course reader than you will from her. Crazy about citations--not in a good way.  You won't learn much but its a relatively easy course. She's the main problem.
Has no respect for students. Extremely strict grading.
She seems very much like a high school teacher and is not the most interesting and pleasant of people. However, if you like the subject, she does relay the information in lecture, though you could have learned merely from the textbook. The class isn't very difficult, but staying through the lecture and silent films was.
Worst class I've taken at USC. She is just a terrible professor that managed to make an interesting topic so completely dreadful.
1837055	Nancy	Wilson	11
Nancy was very helpful and responsive.  She took time to explain concepts that were new and interesting.  I'd take another class with her.
Nancy was very helpful and I learned a ton in our IMC class. She was very quick with feedback and prompt with any type of response, which is the difference between a good and horrible experience while learning online. She was genuine and seemed to see students succeed. I rate the class' ease as moderate but it was designed by a master instructor.
Nancy was very enthusiastic. The course covered some of what I had hoped but not all.
Nancy was a great distance learning professor.  Enthusiastic and expert in the subject matter and didn't go easy on us because it was an online course.
I had Nancy for an Integrate Marcomm course and she was a great instructor. I do not expect my professors to be "easy" and she wasn't. That being said she was very helpful and supported the learning process. Rating her clarity is difficult, more because it was hard to seperate her teaching style from the course framework. Overall she was great.
Great course to learn about integrated marketing, and Professor Wilson was very knowledgeable about the subject. She was also very communicative in terms of describing the kinds of work she liked and the kind that she didn't. Because, realistically, developing creative advertising and marketing is very subjective.
Professor is extremely friendly, open and helpful. Her grading is fair and sometimes on the easy side. Class is always a pleasure.
Nancy is an amazing professor. She is  creative, enthusiastic, and very supportive. I loved how she consistently related theory to current marketing campaigns creating "teachable moments." She is a true asset to USC.
I really enjoyed Dr. Wilson's class Integrated Marketing Communication at USC.  She was engaging, available & attentive to student needs.  I especially appreciated the feedback she gave on the papers, tests & projects.  Her insights were very valuable & really helped me understand the concepts & material presented.  I highly recommend her!
This lady is so helpful and cool. She really takes interest in her students. Super friendly and approachable, and will take time to explain things if you are struggling. Never asks too much and is very understanding about busy schedules when it comes to deadlines.
Professor Wilson is amazing. I started the class with no knowledge of design. However through multiple diverse projects I feel that I have built a strong foundation in design that I will carry through my career. Professor Wilson's class was truly unique in that each project was tailored to students' particular interests. This class is a must-take!
1526591	KA	Wong	11
Best teacher EVER!
Wang Laoshi is the best! He's so chill and makes the class so easy and fun. Take his class, you won't regret it :) It's a ton of fun, a great way to make friends and an easy A.
Definitely one of the best professors I've had! He is  passionate and ready to help you literally whenever- he'll respond to your emails within a blink of an eye. Also, he is one of the most flexible people - if you're having a rough week let him know in advance and he'll do absolutely anything he can to make this class better for you
Wong Laoshi cares a lot about his students, very fun class, not hard at all if you work a little, very cool, very smart professor! I recommend his class.
Wong Laoshi is an awesome teacher. He never failed to make the class interesting and fun, given that Chinese is really hard. Everyone is much more excited to learn because of him. He devoted a lot of time to prepare for class and made it interactive. Best professor I have so far!
Best professor ever!
Best Professor Ever! The most fun class I ever had. Very flexible, very caring. Super smart and witty. Everyone in class has a lot of fun too! Wang Laoshi rocks! Take his class if you can!
Best Chinese professor ever! His class is always fun, engaging, and his lecture (powerpoint) is interesting. Chinese isn't easy but he makes it fun. A cool guy. Not a difficult A at all if you just do the work. Tests are very straightforward. Projects are fun. Should take him.
He is Super nice and cool. Very caring and fun. Highly recommended!
So lenient and easygoing that it makes you feel guilty.
Nice and easy going. A little effort will earn you an A easily.
1716232	Hsiao-Yun	Liao	11
Liao laoshi is literally my favorite instructor for EALC chinese. She's the nicest, most honest, and helpful instructor in ealc. Take her and you won't regret it.
Aside from being a total babe of a professor, she is extremely nice, outgoing, and really makes the effort to go above-and-beyond.
Liao laoshi is a great Chinese teacher, and you will learn a lot from her. She is always makes jokes and is very dramatic when she teaches which makes the class more fun. The exams are taken online (4 total). While there is a lot of homework, if you do it all, you will learn a lot.
She is awesome and very enthusiastic! Great professor!
Liao ?? is a gifted teacher who manages to impart the Chinese language while making class incredibly entertaining and interactive. And she's an adorably rambunctious individual.
Liao Lao Shi was awesome! She made Chinese Reading and Writing seem easy and fun! Take the class if you are already a Chinese speaker!
Liao laoshi is truly one of the greatest language professors I've ever had. She makes class engaging and fun, even if it seems a little silly. I had no problem motivating myself to come to class, especially because she makes learning Chinese so much fun. The 5 day/week schedule is also helpful since you practice the language every day.
Liao laoshi is amazing at teaching Chinese! I am very surprised in the amount that I have learned this semester. There are regular quizzes and she can be particular on how you write your characters on the hw. However, in class she focuses on conversation which is VERY helpful. The language is hard but she makes it fun and will always try to help
Honestly, BEST TEACHER EVER!! I've had a ton of language teachers and she is the best. She's nice, funny, and even though there is homework and quizes, it's not hard. Especially for Chinese... she makes it so easy to learn! I'm even taking her again for Chinese 2. TAKE HER IF YOU CAN.
Liao Laoshi is AMAZING. She is incredibly helpful and makes learning Chinese enjoyable. Chinese is a very difficult language, and she is able to simplify it and make it much easier to learn. She has enormous patience and wants you to be successful. If you are able to have her as a professor, DO IT. You will NOT regret it.
Fantastic. Excellent teaching strategy (mostly conversational), with helpful, regular quizzes, always available, extremely nice, and funny to boot. Chinese is an intriguing class of its own merits; Liao laoshi (teacher) has kept it interesting daily
34375	Peter	Gordon	11
He is awful. He rambles. Instead of teaching you concepts of economics he tries to change the way you think to match his.And if you have a difference of opinion then he, you are wrogn.His strong point of view interfers greatly with his teaching.  He come from a white heterosexual man's point of view. However, he will meet with you after class.
The only C I have ever received in my life.
Be prepared for the readings and questions each time, you'll harvest a lot when he's wandering around and inspiring your thoughts!
The only professor I fell asleep to in college
VERY DIFFICULT TEACHER, BUT IF YOU GET HIS VISION YOU WILL GET AN &quot;A&quot; AND MASTER ECONOMICS.  IF YOU HAVE BALLS TAKE HIS CLASS.
lecture is pointless.  only way to do well is take practice tests online
Completely overconfident, poor teacher, needs to learn to elaborate on the book, better off not going to lecture.
He's pretty arrogant, whiny, and honestly, attending lecture brings you nothing- you're better off reading the book, in my opinion.  He makes obscure references and yells at any students more than a minute late.  Barely anyone attends his lectures anymore
A total tool, huge ego, a simpleton in reality
A bad man.
No Comments
438531	Caroline	Betts	11
Really insightful and helpful. A real gem. Cant understand the reviews below. Must be someone she failed
Just the best. Doesn't tolerate idiots, hence some of the reviews below.
Inspirational lecturer.. Loved her.
Absolutely the worst professor that I've had at USC.  Comes to class late and gives a whole new meaning to unorganized.  Everything is verbatim out of the book mixed with 60% tangents in the lectures. Her reviews are useless. They consist of multiple questions of which 10% are relevant to what you are working on. DO NOT TAKE HER!!
pretty much worthless
For a 1st year PhD: Awful. Taught from a set of notes (prepared by Dirk Krueger), basically just writing off notes on the board. Does not seem pleased when students ask questions, and replies tend to be useless (&quot;Why don't you think about it&#63;&quot;). Don't organize assignments with TA, hence assignments have little relevance to lessons/exams.
No Comments
Smart and Professional.
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
217371	Geoffrey	Shiflett	11
Dr. Shiflett is the nicest human being in USC! He is very dedicated and humble to answer your questions. The problem is he takes it so much easy on students, therefore, they don't perform well at his quiz or exams. However if you are dedicataed and self-motivated person, you can perform well. I ve got an A in his class, studying just 3 hours/week
Overall a Good Professor for the Introductory Course. He tries his best to get you interested in Mechanical Engineering. He can be boring at times and you might fall asleep, but he doesn't mind too much if you do (he says to just lay your head down for 10-15 minutes if you are sleepy.) Topics/HW might be difficult but if you ask him, he is helpful.
For an introductory class, he's not bad. Sometimes he gives unclear instructions, but if you ask him, he'll clarify. He's a nice guy. He has high (but reachable) expectations out of his students. He's fair.
it is so complicated how he teaches things...
No Comments
Expects a lot from his students, but the fist trick is nice though.
lectures are a bit boring, but he totally makes up for it when he fits his entire fist in his mouth (upon request).
yeah, he is a nice guy, but not a nice teacher at all.  just don't take his classes.
nice guy, cant teach whatsoever, grades even worse
Nice but not all that helpful.
Shiflett is a decent teacher. His lectures are a bit on the boring side, however.
490858	Urbashi	Mitra	11
I took Freshman Academy Engineering passfail. This was the easiest class ever, but I still disliked it due to the fact that I learned very little and felt like it was a waste of time. Other Freshman Academy professors give less pointless work (according to other students). 
She likes what students hate and try anyway to make the simple stuffs difficult to understand. she doesn't mention the important part of the knowledge and keeps talking whatever she thinks of. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS
goes too quickly, doesn't have detailed lecture notes, inconsistent midterm difficulty - "B" ranged from 90% to 50%
took the comm theory, many ppl tld my that she is difficult prof. I worked hard and got high grade eventually .. we are in grad school
The meterial of her class is not bad. As a student took this class before, you will found her course combining something relate to communication theorey. It is a good class for auditing. I encourage every to audit this course. PS: I do not indicate you to &quot;take&quot; this course.
DO NOT TAKE. WARNING. average grade distribution is a C for grad students. required passing gpa is 3.0. She will fail you. Also, she tends to teach more material than the other linear algebra classes. overall the course is hard, even though the subject is linear algebra she finds a way of making the subject difficult to understand and testing you o
Please dont take any course under urbashi mitra.atleast in a first semster.your life become like a hell
Attempts to cover a large amount of material in one course.  Covers material too fast in class if you have not prepared by reading the chapter beforehand.  She keeps office hours and is professional/helpful when asked appropriately.
She just blasts through the lecture writing notes. You can't take the time to understand the material because you're trying to keep up with what she's writing. Doesn't respond to homework questions by email very quickly and never over the weekend (She says she's too busy). She doesn't do good job explaining things. Expects you just to understand.
never seen a teacher who is abscent minded as she is. Totally unfocused and have no interest - whatso ever in the class that she is teaching. It seemed that she had so many priorities in her life and her class at USC was the bottom of these priorities. I DO NOT recommend her
Smart prof. And cute!
871776	Edward	Goo	11
Overall the class is pretty easy. The first two midterms were really easy and the labs were too. You don't need to go to lectures. If you decide to go, you'll find Goo is really funny. The only problem was that the final was a pain and it dropped my grade to a B+. The final was mostly stuff after the second midterm and it screwed a lot of people. 
all the reviews I read about this guy are true, although they appear contradictory. He will make assignment set up easy & you can go all semester without attending class. But, final exam will trip you if you don't know the stuff well. I thought I was fairly prepared for the final, went in expecting B or A, got a 42%. And my mid grades were A&B...
he is a terrible teacher and doesnt care for any of his students
Very easy class except when it comes to exams. They can easily take your A away if your unlucky. final is harder than the midterm. Lecture was useless, although sometimes he showed cool demonstrations. You're on your own to learn to tackle problems.
Easiest class I have ever taken. Definitely choose this over chemistry! No need to go to class, all you need to do is the online assignments and mandatory labs. You can bring cheat sheet to tests which are based off assignments- SO EASY.
Hard to understand his teachings, hw is easy. labs depend on the TA i had it easy, others toucher, exams are eh but he'll throw in stuff that is just nowhere near like the hw so they are trickier than they have to be. ppl desrve a higher grade but because of exams, they drop.
Hilarious guy
.
It's kind of hard to understand his teachings.  Grades to the syllabus by word.  Only a certain percentage of the class get A's, even if all deserve it.
Class is extremely easy if you keep on top of your work.
A fun class.  Teaches the basics very well, very well prepared.  Shows interest in actually TEACHING something to the students.  The demos are great!!  Not boring at all.  Very helpful.  If you show him respect he will do to the same.  Even if you are a frosh.
677240	Thea	Cervone	11
She is an amazing lecturer, most interesting class I have taken. Although really hard grader, she really makes you work for it, but will really help in office hours and actually is there for them. Class is super interesting, but there are about five papers, so its tough, but if you love old english literature its great!
Prof. Cervone is by far the best professor I've had. Her lectures are meticulously organized but delivered with such constant, clever humor that they're not only informative but obscenely fun. Although she grades hard, if you attend office hours and really work with and for her, she'll reward you accordingly. TAKE HER CLASS. NOW. WON'T REGRET.
Great professor with amazing interesting lectures. Funny, humorous and update with modern world. Nerdy awesome :) Really knowledgeable and smart. Harsh grammatical grader and expects high standards essays. It's a fun and interesting class, but getting good grades is not easy at all. Recommended to take her class though!
Cervone is magnificent. So much sass. She's very passionate and knowledgeable about background info that adds depth and interest to the reading, and her attitude is hilarious. She lectures 100% of the time, but it's genuinely entertaining. Absolutely recommend. (Not an easy grader, but you learn what she expects. Plenty of reading and 5 papers.)
Passionate and hilarious professor. I had no interest in the subject matter at first, but she certainly made class interesting. Lectures were straightforward and informative. She is not an easy grader (I got a B+ but usually do very well in these types of courses), and reasoning for grades given is not always clear.
Cervone is the best. So interesting and hilarious. One of the best in the department, I don't understand how she is not on tenure track
She is so full of knowledge. She is so funny, and smart. I really enjoyed her class. Tough grader, but she is always there to help. Must take her if you are an English Major!!!!
Cervone has a talent for stimulating interest in works that most people wouldn't be interested in. Her passion for the subject she teaches really shows. She's also funny sometimes. And speaking from personal experience, I can assure you that if you approach her, she'll help you a lot in her office hours. I learned a lot!
prof cervone is amazing and smart and dresses really nice. she's such a nerd and is incredibly helpful. had i done my work in advanced i probably would have received a better grade. she gives great insight and new world experiences in old world topics. fantasitcal!
Cervone is a great teacher. Her grading is pretty tough. However, she has a lot of passion and immense knowledge of her subject, and can make what you might think would be boring, very interesting. She likes scotch, is into comics and other cool nerdy stuff. She's really funny. She's also pretty hot, in an odd way.
No Comments
1020142	David	Lloyd	11
His Occupation class is BRILLIANT. If you have space in your schedule make sure you take it! It was dull at times but his passion and interest in such an interesting topic makes every lecture worth coming to. He is kind, listens to you and remembers your name if you see him around campus. You will learn a lot.
Lloyd's &quot;Occupation: Literature, History and Film&quot; was an excellent class! I had no knowledge or interest in military occupation before taking this class. He's really engaging in his lectures and sparks interest in the subject. Brings up points that change your way of looking at things. Fascinating
Great professor. Despite the fact that it was my first class every Monday morning, I looked forward to his lectures because he had a great passion for the subject matter. I was glad I only had to purchase 1 book for this class and most of the readings were online. Not a hard grader and a very nice man. Wonderful professor all around!
A really nice man who is passionate about what he teaches. Not an incredibly tough grader. The Irish accent is an added bonus.
One of the brightest and best professors at Cal, Prof. Lloyd's introductory class on how to read literature was a mind-opening experience.  Of all the English courses, this one was my favorite.
Favorite professor from my 5 yrs at USC.  Engaging & brilliant.  Went to class after pulling all-nighters and was still wide-awake and fascinated by his lectures.  We did very close readings of 19th c. poetry and stuff and discussed lots of ideas. Even if you don't like the subject, you'll still enjoy Professor Lloyd's genuineness -and his accent!
Just finished his Beckett class. I never had the impression that he was &quot;offensive.&quot; Lloyd is always open to others' ideas. His &quot;mumbling&quot; is called lecturing, folks. Every professor does it, so take classes in which you're interested. If you like Beckett/modernism you'll love Lloyd's lectures. (Though my class was largely discussion!) Nuff said.
Lectures most of the class, but he is very engaging and nice. Really open to anyone's ideas. Easy papers, fun topic and just a really nice guy! Never mean, and not very demanding. Awesome guy
One of the worst professors I've ever had in my life. Does not really teach, just mambles something under his nose, treats students with a total disrespect. He is universally hated and despiced by the students. It is a shame that USC (a very expensive private school) still employs him.
One of the the greatest profs of my time at Berkeley.  Brilliant teacher, helpful, open-minded, enthusiastic, gave fascinating lectures.
Lloyd speaks softly and with an Irish accent so he if very difficult to understand. He tends to ramble about nothing and the information we are supposed to learn is so boring and he doesn't help the process of teaching. It was a painful class to sit through.
1139521	Lawrence	Green	11
Loved the class. Reading is hard and plentiful but lectures are really awesome
Avoid taking a class with Green at all costs. Lectures are difficult to follow, office hours are unhelpful, and he makes students feel inadequate. Participation in my class was nearly zero by the end because he was so intimidating, and I received a B+ in the class even though I received A's on all my assignments. Would not recommend whatsoever.
Knows his field of study well, but his lectures are all over the place and difficult to follow.  Asks questions that are inscrutable and is difficult in office hours.  You'll ask him a question and he will rephrase it and ask it back to you.
Green's class was a headache. Class was mostly him lecturing while students sat there bewildered. My notes were nonsense. Office hours are terrible—you'll go ask a question and he'll respond with another nonsensical question. He obviously knows a lot about his field and is passionate about literature, but this makes class tedious and intimidating.
Highly knowledgeable. Talks a lot, but keeps it interesting with jokes. Gets students to engage with the text and each other. More emphasis on discussion than writing. Knowing both the reading and in class discussions is important on tests.
Knows a lot about what he teaches, but this means that sometimes he touches on a lot in one class and you don't know what to remember. His essay prompts are very confusing, but he goes easy on grades even if his comments are harsh. He's an OK professor, but the class content itself is not very interesting and some of the texts are dreadful.
Prof. Green runs a pretty tight class, but he's very intelligent and really cares a lot about his students. He expects a lot in class, but pushes students to think more about &quot;ideas&quot; and take chances than being &quot;correct&quot;. He is really approachable if you don't let him intimidate you; very open in office hours and even takes you out for coffee!! = D
Professor Green is a unique character, but he is very passionate about his subject and very helpful if the student takes the effort to do their work and talk with him. He can be intimidating, but if you don't let yourself get phased by his stand-offish attitude, he is really fun and you will learn a lot! =)
Larry is a star in his own mind pigeon-holed here at SC. He can be condescending in class and he seems to have fixed ideas from which you deviate at your own risk. Stay away if you can.
Professor Green is interesting and obviously knows what he's talking about. BUT he's extremely vague & going to office hours was not helpful. Furthermore, his grading system is WACK. There were students who rarely attended class and received As, and students who were active participants and put in the effort for this class and received Bs.
He rambles on for two hours at a time, and then assigns very confusing &quot;questions&quot; (not prompts) for his essays. It seems as if he already has set answers to the questions in mind. If you dont match his thoughts, you dont get a good grade. If you go to his office hours, he does not help you at all. He offers no useful suggestions, just criticism
62144	Mar	Elepano	11
goood
Good Professor. I took other animation course, but knew him from working with a student work study job at the Cinema School. Very helpful. When asked for help, he is someone who can definitely tell you of sources.
Mar is a pain in the ass and treats students as if they have absolutely no idea what they're doing.  Everything is the students fault and they're idiots for not knowing better.  He is extremely rude and only helpful 25% of the time.
No Comments
Simply the best. He challenges his students to work up to their potential because he wants to see them excel in life.  It is a privilege to know and to work with him.
Mar means well and works very hard.  He acts as an often-abused buffer between the teachers and students and cinema dept. and sometimes acts harshly out of frustration.  It's easy to get on his bad side, hard to escape it.  But he's a good guy in the end, so be good to him.
the most helpfull person you will know in the department.  has a tendency to be pesimistic about large projects and new technology.  Hes makes killer abstract films and is the gatekeeper to everything that happens in animation.  Be good to Mar and he will be good to you.
An outstanding teacher, loves his work and his students. A really great human being.
Thank you Mar!!
A tremendously wise and wonderful teacher
No Comments
99684	Tom	Holman	11
While sound may not be my thing in the end, he definitely raised my knowledge and interest in it.
He looks like a slug. Completely uninterested in students. A tornado could wipe out your home and kill your family and he wouldn't care. Snotty and arrogant, thinks he's god. There are other sound teachers who are actual human beings. Take them.
Holman is unbelievably knowledgeable and transmits a lot across the barrier to us, although sometimes he's a little over our heads.  People who think this is hard are just not used to working.  All in all, the best experience I've had at USC.
This was one of the only difficult classes at CNTV. For that reason, many won't like it. Most CNTV teachers are easy because the goal is not diplomas, it's employment. But TH believes you need to know this in the real world, and for the most part, in my experience, it really does come in handy. So stay awake and don't cheat; you'll learn something.
This class was hard and ****ing boring. Everyone I know had to cheat to even get a passing grade. Holman has the charisma of a toaster oven.
the man is brillent.
He know more about sound than anyone you will ever know.  You will learn a lot if you can stay awake durring his lectures
The most knowlegeable teacher at USC, his class leans too much towards the technical and not enough towards the creative.
He's the H in THX.  He doesn't need a book
The guy's a genius.  THX... Tom Holman Experiment.
Be prepared to use a math book as a dictionary.
121541	Bruce	Block	11
Bruce is considered the foremost authority in his field and for good reason. The class is essentially the elements of visual composition, but his explanations are spot on and easy to understand. Some people get annoyed because he makes you re-do pictures until you get the concept right. How dare he make sure you are actually learning! For shame!!
Best professor at USC. Funny, conveys his material brilliantly, actually knows what he's talking about, fast paced class. Eye-opening lectures.
Unfriendly, arrogant, deluded, easily threatened, aggressive, disdain for everyone. Wants you to regurgitate what he says (even though he makes constant mistakes and contradictions.) If you are anything less than submissive, he throws his hands up and says &quot;stop talking!&quot; or &quot;i'm the teacher!&quot; Content is good, he is quite bad.
VERY HARD GRADER. He is sarcastic, unfriendly and full of himself. I killed myself for his two assignments and got a B+. One good thing - he doesn't hold class for the full semester, he has 6 four hour sessions and that's it. Not sure why he's teaching because he doesn't seem to like students.
I disagree that the material's worthless. I have an art/design BA and much of what is taught in art class is inaccurate (Y+B==G) and purposeless. He does use composition theory, but it is his ability to apply techniques used in visual art to the 4th dimension - time - for the purpose of TELLING STORIES that makes the class so valuable.
great class, a must take if you plan on making movies!
No Comments
He was very confusing and some of the names for the concepts he used were contrary to what is regulary taught in art circles.  This just added to the confusion.
This is a completely worthless class. If you have had art or design in high school, you know more than the professor.
Most assinine course ever conceived.  Complete waste of time
Genius.  Best film class in the entire school.
696725	Paul	Lerner	11
He is a decent professor. The class requires seven books and he asks that you read all of them. I did not really read any of them, But I did go to lecture and listened closely, and i got a B+. My 2 papers were just awful but somehow got Bs on them, so grading is favorable.
Really nice guy and seems genuinely interested in the subject but literally one of the hardest classes I've taken at USC. Reading amount is enormous and required to understand what's going on. Doesn't post lecture slides despite using them. Really hope you get a good TA, because otherwise... sorry.
Professor Lerner is sweet and clear to the point. Go to his office hours! He can tell if you are really making an effort. Your grade, however, is highly based on your TA so choose wisely. I was lucky enough to get the better one. You dont really need your books at all!
Prof. Lerner is amazing!! His class was so much fun and he always kept things interesting. He is passionate about teaching and obviously loves the subject matter. He cares about his students and likes to have their feedback. He is great to talk to in office hours, very helpful. And I love his awkwardness and sarcastic jokes. GREAT professor!
I love Professor Lerner! He's so adorable the way he lectures with his akwardness and little jokes. Our class is always laughing. The lectures are interesting for the most part and the midterm was very easy, although thorough. I'm really enjoying the class overall!
the books we read in class were boring, unenlightening. he's quite smart but not the best lecturer and can at times get quite boring. if youre taking this class for a ge i recommend take another one. also the grade u get very much depends on the ta
I loved this professor! It's true that he can be all over the place, but there was a lot of material to cover (therefore understandable). There was also a lot of reading, but it's enjoyable if you like the subject. His dorky humor and passion totally made this a great class!
boring and he was totally fake. he wasn't prepared most of the time and when he had nothing to say he digressed into something that had nothing to do with the class. making it to class is the toughest challenge. B-O-R-I-N-G!
The books we studied were SO boring - wish I'd taken this class with another professor!
Very smart man, knows his stuff and encourages students to participate.  The grade that you get is based around your reading and writing skills.  If you get a good TA than you should do fine.
Coolest Prof Ever!!
711329	Lisa	Bitel	11
I'm surprised that Prof Bitel has a negative rating. It was a GE II so discussions were mandatory. Lectures, not mandatory, but they were pretty insightful. I did the readings (which weren't too excessive) and just listened in lecture so I was able to do well. I didn't try extra hard, but I enjoyed the subject matter. A couple papers and a final.
Prof. Bitel is lazy. Everything she says is in the book. She loves distractions and things that have nothing to do with class. She tries hard to be entertaining and some kids go along to be polite. Ridiculously easy if you don't mind boring.
Prof Bitel is a great teacher. I found her class well structured and the expectations are clear. She is witty and aware of how her class is doing (1 day she let us out early just b/c everyone was zoning out) also you get ALL religious holidays off (there was a lot fall semester) which is great
Lisa was very fun to listen to, and the class was pretty cool overall. Easy, interesting, and the discussion sections were helpful. The lectures lacked structure, which made it very difficult to know what to study for quizzes and for the final, which was incredibly frustrating. I'd probably recommend it, but mostly because it's easy.
LOTS OF READING! class is interesting, I learned a lot. (6) Quizes are easy. 2 (3 page) papers  which are average difficulty. 4 extra credit opportunities (do them! trust me..) + final which is worth 20% of final grade. I need 62% on final to get an A+. so overall I would say its not that bad. class attndce not necessary, but discussion attndc is.
Teacher is not helpful, she announced that I had dyslexia in front of the entire class. Moreover, her classes are scatterbrained and have no apparent purpose. There is no chronological order to her teaching of history. Everything seems to be said as a side note. Assigned readings are painfully long and laborious. Do not take her GE classes.
Very nice and knowledgeable but she has a hard time keeping the class interesting. She is a bit of a tough grader but overall fair.
Lectures are useless as she is unclear, goes on tangents. Class really has no point to it, extremely vague concepts, forcefully tied connections. Avoid if possible.
This class was not what I was expecting because it is a lot about religion. The reason she uses technology is because the school gives more money to classes who use it, but she really doesn't want to.  I feel like she is new to this class and needs more time to develop it. I like her but not the class.
I didn't find her incomprehensible at all. If anything, it's too simplistic and boring. She's not funny. Someone should let her know.
Always goes on tangents, uncomprehensible, unclear. Her powerpoints are confusing, and her insistence on incorporating technology makes class even more confusing. Her class is one hot mess. DO NOT TAKE!
1442509	Azade-Ayse	Rorlich	11
1. Expects a graduate level of Russian historical knowledgememorization 2. Assigns an unrealistic amount of reading 3. Does not teach events in chronological order; tends to jump all over the place 4. Has a thick accent; difficult to follow  5. Tends to interruptdiscouraging 6. Unaware; out of touch of the realities of students' lives  
Dr. Rorlich is an academic giant and one of the most learned persons in her field. That being said, she has very high expectations and expects you to know the material like a historian & read at least 2-3 essays of the course reader in addition to about 13 of a novel per week. Unfortunately, she is a bit "out of touch" for a lack of better words. 
I would suggest to NOT take her Silk Roads class. She teaches in a thematic way, rather than chronological which is really confusing, VERY hard grader (much harder than any of my upper div history courses), a lot of memorization and grades on writing style. This class is WAY too hard for a GE. It is very hard to get an A or B. A LOT of reading!!!
She expects a lot of reading as if you were a history major or a graduate student or a super fast reader that does not forget the readings. 20% of grade allocated for the weekly discussions of the readings; they are deep discussions..... AVOID HER!!! However, if your hobby is reading and you have plenty of time, then take her; she will benefit you!
She expects a lot of reading as if you were a history major or a graduate student or a super fast reader that does not forget the readings. 20% allocated for the weekly discussions of the readings, and she makes them deep discussion..... Avoid her!!! However, if your hobby is reading and you have plenty of time, then take her, she will benefit you
Should preface by saying I'm a history major - I've taken two classes with Rorlich and I think she's great. She knows everything about everything and if you're interested, she'll put a ton of time and effort into helping you for as long as you're at USC. If you're not that into Russian history, though, I'd avoid her - she expects a lot!
I took the Russian Food class for a freshman seminar. This professor is very knowledgeable in Russian everything. I would say that I've learnt a great deal in her class. I am afraid I can't comment on her lectures in her other subjects.
DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS! She thinks everyone is a graduate student and simultaneously taking Russian language studies. This is the absolute hardest class I've taken at USC and her strange accent makes it impossible to follow along with what she's saying.
She literally knows the entire history of the world and expects you to know quite a bit of it as well. she does not take a breath from explaining the history of the world for the entire lecture which always goes the full time. absolutely plays favorites. has an insane accent that may or may not be real.
Exhausting class with superfluous information. Expects far too much from her students--particularly from those who are taking the class as a GE. Can be extremely patronizing out of habit. Will grade your midterm like it is a post-grad thesis. Plays favorites and does not seem to realize that students have other time commitments other than her class
WOR5T CLASS 3VAR D0 NOT TAK3 FOR G3333 !!!!! Seriously, she expects graduate level devotion and grades accordingly. Really agonizing.
1772748	Jacob	Soll	11
Soll is a great professor.  He has seemed to have lived everywhere in Europe, and is a really funny guy.  The lectures are sometimes confusing cause he goes off on tangents.  2 essays, midterm, and final.  If you study you will do good, TA's grade everything and they are pretty easy.
Professor is great, I would gladly take his class again.
Professor Soll is pretty awesome - friendly guy with really cool stories to tell, but this also makes the class so much more fun.
Interesting guy! He is  very humorous and lively. Prof Soll has high expectations, but the TAs are really helpful, so go to discussion sections.
Hard, good class.  Wasn't much interested in the topic beforehand, but Soll brought it alive.
Soll is an interesting fellow, his class doesn't have much student participation since he often goes off on tangents about some artisanal bread and wine he had in the south of France (not gonna lie, that makes me more interested in studying abroad). Class has two 8-pg papers and 2 exams all worth 100 pts each, straightforward. Quite a bit of books.
Soll is intelligent! His class is never boring since he's hilarious and enthusiastic. But, he DOES speak fast and has no powerpoint, so its easy to lose track of material. Reading is a MUST. He is friendly too so ask questions and visit office hours. It is a lot of reading and work but you'll learn a lot. Just focus during lectures and your good.
Professor Soll is a genius. He is an amazing lecturer, and he expects a lot from his students. MacArthur Fellow, Guggenheim Fellow. He's hilarious, lectures are always entertaining, and the tests are NOT that hard if you study. I totally recommend his class, but you're going to have to work for the A. 2 papers, a midterm, and the final.
Dr. Soll is the most arrogant yet intriguing lecturer I've ever had. He constantly rubs it in that he's traveled all of Europe. But his witty and hilarious delivery of his travels make the class worthwhile. He has unrealistic exam expectations for a GE (like the memorization of 50+ dates), but the trade-off is honestly entertaining lectures.
Smart professor.  Sometimes goes off on different topics, but its interesting.  The reading is hard, but I learned a lot.   He thinks everything comes from religion.  But funny.  There is a lot of work.  TAs are great.
Very interesting guy. Funny. Test is a pain. Good pass/fail otherwise it's a lot of work. TAs are great
963818	Jeff	Fellenzer	11
This class is awesome! It requires very little work. You just need to read the articles and study for the tests and quizzes. He is very helpful and relaxed. You get to talk about sports all class and hear amazing guest speakers. Nothing better than that.
Fellenzer is one of the nicest, most helpful professors at USC. Make an effort to get to know him and he'll keep in contact, review your resume, etc. VERY easy class as long as you study the readings and the weekly woodens.
If you enjoy sports, this will be the best class you'll take at USC. Easy quizzes and midterms with great guest speakers. Fellenzer has a very laid back approach and a good sense of humor.
Best class I've taken at USC. Fellenzer is an amazing professor and puts in a lot of effort to make his class great. So many awesome guest speakers!! I learned a lot of very imteresting and relevant info in this class and I go back to visit whenever I can!!
The best class I have taken at USC. Hands down.
Honestly a very easy class because it's so straight-forward: go to class, take notes on guest speakers, read the articles closely and memorize the important facts, and you're golden.
This class is a MUST for anyone interested in sports. Fellenzer is an amazing teacher and kept each class entertaining and informative. The class consisted mainly of guest interviews and lectures with speakers such as Keyshawn Johnson and Scott Boras.
3 hr class, 1st hour review news, 2nd hour some class notes, 3rd hour guest speakers which are top quality. Highly recommend for both COMM & JOUR students. Do the required readings (don't bother with optional ones), take notes on the major points he outlines, and highlight major themes by speakers(which he reviews). I got an A in the class this way
There are many readings each week, but as long as you read them and memorize what seems to be important in each one, this class is really easy.  Fellenzer is really nice, and although boring at times, he really cares about his students.  I highly recommend this class for all people interested in sports.
No Comments
Amazing guests like Louis Zamperini & Pete Carroll.  Fellenzer is nice, but is very monotone and boring... puts me to sleep.  Lots of reading every week, but they r sports articles, so it's fun. Quizzes are pretty hard, contrary to what you expect. no big project, papers, or textbook.. if only Fellenzer was more engaging, this class would get an A.
175220	Francesca	Italiano	11
Italiano is a mess. She's very disorganized, and was always losing people's assignments. Her expectations are very unclear, and the exams frequently don't cover what she focussed on in class. She always interrupts you when you're trying to speak, and never actually answers your questions. I don't recommend her at all.
She's passionate about what she's teaching. Super patient and cares about her students a lot. If you don't know one thing, she can patiently explains to you over and over again. She's one of my favorite in USC. 
She isn't really clear about what she expects from you, and going to office hours doesn't necessarily help.  She is a BRUTAL grader  
Prof. Italiano is extremely helpful. It is true that she does require you to speak only Italian in class. However, as someone who began learning Italian after already being able to speak three languages (1 native and 2 learned), I can attest to the importance behind this approach. Go to class and study diligently and you will do well. 
She is passionate about teaching italian and really wants that all students learn. She only speaks italian in class, unless when talking about key concepts. The class is pretty intense, but you really learn italian.
Prof. Italiano definitely isn't an easy grader. You have to go to class and speak in Italian. However, she is a really good professor and you will learn a lot. She's enthusiastic and helpful. She seems to like teaching a lot. If you pay attention, study, and do the homework you will get a good grade.
She's very passionate in what she teaches but she wasn't helpful at all. I tried showing up to all of her office hours and was constantly emailing her for help and she just kept telling me to drop the course instead of trying to help me.
she cares a lot about what she is teaching, but the class is nevertheless really hard. and it just gets harder as it goes on. it can be extremly discouraging how much effort you can put into it, with little benefit
Italiano is a great teacher. She loves speaking Italian and she loves helping her students. She is on the other hand very intimidating and can be harsh. Since she is the director and wrote the book she is a pretty hard grader. The class becomes unbearable as the semester goes on. Overall the class is pretty tough unless languages are your thing.
It's never a bad deal when you're language professor is a native speaker.
I have taken Level 1 and Level 2 Italian with Professor Italiano. If you have previous h.s. exp. with Italian, it would be helpful bc she tends to move fast & insists that every1 speak nothing but italian when in class. Work hard and go to class or else!
923138	Nansong	Huang	11
Professor Huang is a tough grader, but also appreciates and recognizes when students put in effort. If you take the class seriously you'll do well.
Great professor with a sense of humor. It's the first time this conversational class is offered, and he really engages students by using Chinese news articles as the "textbook" and encourage students to discuss about them. Students also get to teach class and participate in a final debate project. Greatly improved my ability to read and speak!
Awesome professor! Extremely kind and generous, and cares a lot about your improvement. 
Awesome professor! Extremely kind and cares about your improvement a lot. Have learnt a lot through the class. 
He's a great and humor professor! He's always willing to help. 
This is the first year he has taught Chinese I since 2004... His explanation of Chinese grammar and rhetoric is fuzzy at best. He's also harsh with beginners, often asking them to repeat the pronunciation of word until they have it right. He expects a lot from the class and often runs over the allotted class time.
Huang expects a lot out of his students with daily quizzes and homework. He sometimes struggles to explain clearly, but he is always willing to help a student. Go to his office hours if you need help! I think he is a pretty good teacher with the students best interest at heart. My Chinese did improve!
The best professor I have ever had! I have learned a lot from his class!
Ok but have had better teacher.
The best professor I have ever had.
Excellent professor. He's very knowledgeable and was a former diplomat. He also left his former position at Harvard to come to USC.
1751877	Miriam	Burgos	11
She is just freaking sweet and amazing! Her midterm and final is simple and easy.. beware: alot of T/F qts. No HW! lecture attendance isnt a must, but go to discussion. The group projects are the worst. I dont know why the whole class is rating us when we're all competing for a grade. The group project really screwed over my grade.
She is a very kind person, but like others said-- The final grade did not reflect my tests really -- more my bad group project.  Had a A- or better the whole class, due to the project ended up with a B
SHADY. Previous raters rated her BEFORE they got final grades so they rated her well since she's nice during class. But she screws you over with the project, which she didn't really explain much. From this class, I learned that if it's too good to be true, then it's just good marketing. Was excited to have her, but now so disappointed. Take Kalb.
Mariam is great.  This class is quite easy,she is amazing, and she actually attempts to help students prepare for a job by talking about interviews and bringing in guest speakers. I would definitely take her.  The only negative is that it doesn't really "push" you in the marketing sense.
Very kind professor and means really well, very understanding also, but a bit on the boring side. You can definitely get by without going to class and just memorizing the terms before the test..
Do not recommend!! Very nice lady and sincerely wants to help you. But at this point, I really hate this class. Hate is a strong word. She expects you to study ALOT of the 2 exams. Nice professor but her teaching style is not good and makes marketing really boring. Memorize everything from a to z that's what is expected from you.
Really sweet, understanding, and truly wants people to do well in the course. I recommend taking her for 307.
She's very sweet but lacks teaching experience. Lectures were entirely pointless, painfully long, and added nothing to my education. I literally never went for the second half of the semester and still got an A-. This class killed my interest in marketing, but maybe it's a good thing she helped me realize it early on and not too late.
BEST 307 PROFESSOR. Class can get dull at times but everything is straightforward and it's fairly easy to make an A
Miriam is a wonderful lady who means well. She is super nice and the class is super easy. HOWEVER, it is soooooo boring and she gives each student a chance to answer stupid questions, like "What brands do you recognize?" Take for the A, not for interest.
Sweetest professor I've ever had. Always willing to help academically and personally. Super flexible  and understanding!! Gives you her number and skype so you can reach her anytime for help. Goes off on tangents sometimes and references her former position at P and G a lot but otherwise shes awesome. New to SC but definitely recommend her
1757003	Joseph	Ross	11
Professor Ross is a really knowledgable guy, but he doesn't know how to explain information clearly. Taking calc beforehand saved me in this class, otherwise I would've been very lost. Not a ton of homework and hard tests, but the final was easier.
I've taken Calculus before so its not very hard for me, but if you've never learned it this class might be tough for you (my classmates painful faces tell everything) Textbook is very helpful and you almost can find everything he said in book. Lots of classmates and I all thought TA is even more informative than the professor.
I just want to say his jokes in class are soooo funny in a hardtogetthepoint way.... you can tell at least he tries hard
Ross is a really smart guy, but if you've never taken calculus before, then his class would be pretty hard. Quizzes are easy but tests are hard. The tests do have a good curve on them though.
I actually thought he was a really poor teacher, but then I had Mr. Mancera for Math 126, and realized I'd rather have professor Ross in a heartbeat. He is a much better math teacher than a lot of the others. I underestimated how good he was. He's better than a lot of the others!
It is obvious this is his first year teaching. The point of lectures are to help students get through the material, not continue on when everyone looks dumbfounded. I really don't think that he knows how to convey what is going on in his mind in an understandable manner, and due to this I stopped attending classes & learned by reading the text.
Professor Ross is TOOOOO smart for his own good. Even though he is relatively young he has no idea how to teach a college class. HE KILLED MATH AND GPA
He is a really smart person but one of the worst teachers I ever had. I'm an engineer. I like math. He makes me hate it. Its so hard to stay awake in class, not because it's boring, just because you can't understand a single thing he's saying. He has no idea how to convey ideas and concepts to his students.
He knows too much about calculus and too little about how to teach it. He teaches the class like hes teaching how to invent it, but doesnt teach us how to apply it. I took it in high school, made an A and got a 5 on the AP test and Im struggling in his pointlessly difficult class. He either needs more teaching experiences or to teach a higher class
He assumes everyone already knows Calculus. If you don't have a heavy calculus background you will fail his class. He assumes everyone knows whats going on because no one asks questions, but the truth is people just can't comprehend what he's doing on the board. Rely on discussion...
Likes to prove lots of proofs that are not relevant to the subject material. Teaches more on the theory of calculus rather than actual applications. Should realize that he is teaching first/second year premed students, not math majors.
1292009	Paul	Young	11
Very long lectures. Sort of cocky- hard to like. Extremely rigid office hours because he plays trombone as side job. Unreasonable number of assignments and term paper is terrible. If you don't take notes in class you'll get a zero on the midterm - no other way to study. Looks like peter griffin.  Course does help in practical knowledge of industry.
Great and interesting professor, learned a ton too.  Not difficult either, so long as you can set aside about 2 nights to study before the infrequent exams.
Young is an absolutely fabulous teacher. As a music industry minor he made me even more passionate about the business. The class has a lot of material to cover, but he keeps it interesting and includes relevant anecdotes. Highly recommended!
Took both MUIN 372A and 372B with Young. Very cool guy, but lectures can get boring/dry (even though the material is interesting). Exams rely a lot upon lecture notes and memorization. Essays are really interesting! Best part of class was class discussion on relevant issues in the industry. Young is really enthusiastic!
Ver cool guy. Very knowledgable. He brings in alot of guest speakers that could lead to internships. The 1st half of this class is publishing and the midterm is LONG. The 2nd half is distribution and much easier: 2 papers, weekly blackboard posts, reading quizzes, and 2 presentations. Alot of work to do but its worth it. Paul's classes are the best
Awesome teacher!  If you want to go into the music industry this is a MUST class.  However, if you are taking this class for a easy A and aren't too interested in the music industry then this is the wrong class.  Lots of info, but if you are interested in the subject its the perfect class.  As long as you participate getting a A shouldn't be tough.
Hes a great guy and has interesting stories. HOWEVER, if you're just taking the class out of pure interest or for an easy A, DONT. Tons of memorizing, you have to be extremely thorough, everything is super-detailed. It's a class for people planning on going into the industry. Otherwise, way too much material for just unit credits.
Awesome teacher and a really cool guy. Has lots of anecdotes relating to the material that are useful and entertaining. Papers and tests are not difficult just make sure to be thorough! He pretty much tells you what will be on all exams. Also likes South Park, major plus.
Fabulous teacher! Honestly, not a dull moment! He even makes the boring law stuff bearable. Highly recommend this guy!!! Super nice too!!
This guy is awesome. He knows his stuff and has great stories from working in the biz.
GREAT professor. The material is interesting and he teaches it well. A lot of memorizing but if you like music industry its a great class and teaches you SO MUCH. He also has great stories about his personal experience in the music industry. Overall an AWESOME teacher.
912518	Mark	Schroeder	11
Super intelligent professor; probably one of the smartest men I've ever met. As nice as that is, it sometimes makes him hard to follow. He graded pretty stringently, but it felt necessary for the class. Overall a good professor and a super nice guy.
Great professor. Really good at explaining the material in a way that students like. Relatable. Textbook use is mandatory and helps you get discussion points and better learn the material. Midterms are long, 12-15 pages, but fairly reasonable. Take good notes because all the powerpoints are are just bullet points, no elaboration. Attend discussion.
Good professor. Readings for the class really helped, but most of the exam material was from the lectures. He is a great speaker. Does a good job of explaining difficult material which is a plus for any Philosophy professor. Not an easy class, however, expect to work if you want an A.
He talks a lot. It sometimes gets annoying but he also knows what he is talking about. Very knowledgeable. Philosophy is kinda boring though.....
didn't read at all. and then i couldn't return the book at the end of the year. bummer. go to class and take notes. for the tests, study with lots of friends. as for the essays, depends on whether you have a good ta or a bad ta. tests are not that bad as long as you know the answers to the study questions really well.
His tests and assignments contain a lot of information not in the reading, so going to class is super important.  But if you do go to lecture, you don't have to spend a lot of time working out of class.  Doing the reading helps, but everything he thinks is important he brings up in class.
He is hard, but just because he gives you the questions to the midterm and the final. Do the readings and fill out the review sheet. You can even go to his office and check all the answers you filled out with him. I did and got one of the highest scores in the class.  The two 4 page papers aren't too bad, but ask your TA for help if you need it
Yeah, this class is probably more difficult than a typical Category 6 GE, but I thought that it was appropriately challenging. For many, the professor's lecturing seemed boring, so they didn't come to class. You should attend lecture to better understand concepts, especially those that will be on the exams. If you want an easy GE, this is not it.
No Comments
No Comments
He expects a lot out of his students...especially for a 100 level class.  Keep up with the readings and do the review sheet for the midterms bceause the same questions show up on the test.  All short answer responses on the midterms, grades tough on papers, and overall is kind of intimidating and full of himself.  Still, the class is interesting.
1223341	James	Van Cleve	11
Easily got an A in the course by attending most of the classes and cramming for both exams. Exams cover exactly what he gives in hand outs. Very boring lectures, but interesting ideas. Didn't read a single page for the class, except to write the 2 papers
Van Cleve did an incredible job of boring me to sleep, lecture after lecture, with eerie consistency. I did none of the readings but managed an A since I hoarded his handouts like chipmunks, asked pseudo-thoughtful questions in discussion to seem interested, and crammed for the two exams.
If you are not interested in philosophy coming into it this class will likely not increase your interest. The professor has a lot of knowledge about philosophy but he is not very engaging or clear. The class is a decent amount of work because the exercises are kind of tricky and there's two papers+two midterms. You can either read or go to lecture
Van Cleve is actually the worst professor I have ever had. Coming into this class I was obsessed with philosophy, now the only thing certain is that I will never take another philosophy class ever again. Take this class if you want a directionless venture through hundreds of years of philosophy.  Don't take this class.
This was the best class I have ever taken! We made tacos during class every week and one day we even got to bake cookies! I love cooking and I love philosophy. The only thing I didn't love was Socrates. I don't like him, but boy do I love me some Philosophy class! Mmmm.
The professor is boring. I once stayed awake for a whole class period, but that was the day a T.A. was teaching. I was interested in this class before I started, but gosh, now I don't even know if I exist. If you want to be sure that you exist, Do Not take this class... once he told a dirty joke that made the whole class feel uncomfortable...
Awful. The way this professor teaches is so unclear. My TA (Ara) was great, so I skipped lectures and only went to my discussion sections. The readings are unclear, but my TA taught well enough for that not to matter. It's not hard material, but my TA, while extremely helpful, was a self-professed "hard grader" and expected a lot from our essays.
If you are looking for a class that will put you to sleep on a consistent basis, then you've found it. His microphone doesn't work he changes slides to fast, he write something on the blackboard then slides another blackboard over it. He may have dementia and admits that he doesn't know what the point of studying philosophy is. Nice guy though.
The two others who have rated this class are completely inaccurate. This class is all about the small things and is far from easy. The test material is difficult to understand even if you attend the class. If you were looking for an easy GE to crush and get a good grade in this is NOT the class for you. The class is only easy to pass.
Pretty boring teacher. Very nice though. All of the grades come down to your discussion section. I had a great TA, got a 95% on both papers, a 100% on my midterm, and 90% on the final. I went to about half of the lectures. Two papers = 40% (only 3-5 pages), Midterm/Final = 40% (all essay, fairly easy), Participation/HW = 20% (fairly difficult).
This class was fairly easy.  He assigned daily readings but if you show up to lecture and pay attention, there is almost no need to read the material.  His tests are straight forward and there are only 2 papers over the semester.  I recommend this as a GE to take.  Youll have to pay attention and maybe read some.
1395885	Frank	Lewis	11
Going into this class it was not something that I was looking forward to, but this turned out to be one of the best classes I have taken at USC. It was engaging and really interesting! Lewis is a mix between Santa and the Crocodile Hunter. He is so clear and funny in his explanations and what he wants in his papers is extremely clear.
He is a jolly guy who is always cracking jokes and trying to make the class interesting. Definitely an easy class, lecture is not mandatory, almost zero homework, 2 easy papers, take home midterm and final and your grade is highly dependent on your TA, but it is an easy GE and I would definitely recommend it.
As far as workload goes, this class is not very demanding. (Longest paper was 4 pages, midterm was 6 sentences!) However, the subject matter is dense and at times incomprehensible, making for boring, difficult-to-follow lectures. Although Professor Lewis is a jolly chap, I wouldn't recommend this class as an introduction to philosophy.
He is a great old guy and the class is great.
Frank is really entertaining. He's this jolly, white-bearded Englishman and he really enjoys teaching Philosophy, you can see how enthusiastic he is about it. Your grade is up to your TA's, attendance in discussion is mandatory, but I skipped lecture quite a few times. Got a B+. Good course.
lewis is a good teacher and loves this stuff, so do the TAs. he can be hard to follow because he doesn't have slides or anything. either go to lecture, read the material, or pay attention in discussion and you'll be set. the TA's explain everything they want on the essays (2-4 pages max). geoff is a great TA. its actually interesting too.
Very easy and enjoyable class. The professor explains things very clearly and also has a personality that keeps your attention. The TAs are the graders though, take Geoff Georgi if you can. He gives quizzes every week, but they're only 3/4 questions at most and super easy. The essays themselves are only 2/3 pages long at most (double spaced)!
Your grade is completely dependent on your TA.  Lewis explains things very well and very slowly but has nothing to do with your grade.  You can easily get away with not reading the book if you go to lecture. Or you could easily not go to lecture if you read the book.
My friends that attended every class and heavily participated during discussions thought it was easy.. but any GE you try hard in is easy.. If your looking to slack and get an A, this isnt your class
One of the best teachers I've ever had.  Fun and funny with great lectures that you want to attend.  Easy class: 3-4 SHORT papers, 10 quizzes in discussion that aren't too bad (lowest is dropped).  Participation in discussion helps a lot (TAs do the grading).  Final is a 2 page paper.  Great for Category I GE.  Take him.
He is very easy, likes short papers, maximum 2 pages. very nice guy also
1203072	Jasmine	Tehrani	11
If you don't write like a machine, actively ask questions and study really hard this class will be tough...be careful you know your capabilities
This is a really interesting subject and the prof does an amazing job speaking for a 3+ hour class. You will leave with a good sense of the subject material for minimal amount of effort put in. She spoon feeds you the answers and never surprises you with questions on the tests.
Easy class just go to lecture. She tells you which pages to read for the final. Professor is very clear and always relates what you are reading to her experiences in the court room. It's a 3 hour class, but they are 3 very entertaining 3 hours. Enjoy!
If you're interested in this topic, you'll like the class. Definitely go to lecture and take notes. She's very clear on what she wants you to know for the test.
Just GO to class, its not bad at all, type what she says and you'll be fine!!! she literally hints at what the midterm essay questions are going to be. So sweet. Awesome person. Yes there are lecture slides, but you need to go to class (its only once a week!!!) and take notes on the slides. Interesting material. I recommend her to everyone.
Tehrani is SUCH a good professor! She lectures very, very well. I'm never confused in her class, and she is really sweet. She makes difficult material easy to understand. You HAVE to go to class though or else you will not do well on the exams. As long as you study the notes, you will get an A. BEST PROFESSOR!!!
GO TO CLASS.  She tests based on her lectures (lots of memorization) and then tells you the specific textbook pages to read.  She's really cool.
Excellent Class and amazing professor. Her lectures are interesting and the 4 hours fly by. Must attend class because 97% of the exam question are from her notes. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for students interested in Psych and Law.
she is SO HOT. class is really fun, the 4 hours go by really quickly and she gives a break after 2 hours. she's a fair grader, and while she doesn't take attendance in lecture, it's very important to go bc the exams are 95% lecture...there's maybe 10 pages of textbook reading, and it's all really interesting stuff. oh, and she's really, really hot.
Tests were short essay (less than one page per question - normally 3) and multiple choice. Make sure you take GOOD notes..everything is based off of lecture...and the few 20-30 pages she gives before exam. Very intelligent and class never lasted the entire 4 hours...normally 2.5. No leniency in grades..set in stone..so make sure you do extra credit
I really enjoyed this class. She takes some getting used to, she seemed kinda boring at first but I got to appreciate her. You have to attend lectures because that's where her test material is from. There's maybe 20 pages of reading for each, non-cumulative test and she gives you those pages the week before. Exams multiple choice.
1836297	Kristie	Holmes	11
Dr. Kristie can go through the topics quickly, BUT if you miss anything she's really approachable/helpful. This class is WRITING INTENSIVE; each paper builds on the last one. There is always time in class to work on the paper, but I found it hard to focus and never got much done. She is also very social media savvy and presentations are good.
I really enjoyed her class. Even though it was the last class of the day, Kristie did a great job at making the content interesting and engaging. She provided clear instructions for each assignment and if you follow them you will get a fair grade.
Very smart and interesting woman. Hard class but she offers a lot of support
Kristie is the best! The work was challenging and engaging, but not TOO difficult and overwhelming. She encouraged critical thinking & wanted us to share our thoughts. She made sure lectures and topics were relevant to our lives.  She was a very fair & understanding teacher & a cool person… we would all hang out after class to  talk to her.
Prof Holmes was knowledgable and engaged many class discussion on difficult topics.
great class!
Professor presented the Global Policy material in an interesting and thought provoking manner. Increased my knowledge and desire to be more globally minded as a citizen and social worker.
Kristie creates a great learning environment by facilitating interesting classroom discussions. She is very approachable and extremely knowledgeable on the subject. Plus, she's interesting and funny. I highly recommend her class!
Kristine enhanced my knowledge and ability to interpret and assess issues in a new and helpful way. Her ability is obvious and her spirit is contagious.
Prof. kept the subject current and a really laid back atmosphere.  Great class and prof.
Highly opinionated, focuses on her own experience, not a broad experience. Easy grader, easy class.
610947	Elaine	Bell-Kaplan	11
The worst class I've taken at USC. Lectures are incoherent, slides have frequent misspellings, and assignments/goals are poorly conveyed. Even though it's easy, avoid this at all costs.
Bad
Beware
Horrible, worst sociology professor I've had at USC. She didn't explain anything well,  not even the &quot;research project&quot; and her tests were poorly written. We never actually knew our grades and she turned our grades in late so we didn't get our grades until the next semester. Ironically, she can actually be a little ****/offensive.
This class was a complete joke. I went to class the first couple of weeks before i realized that she didn't talk about anything even close to what they were telling us to read. I stopped going to class after the first midterm and i still got a A- in the class. The tests are terribly written but as long as you pick the all of the above you are fine.
I had her this year. Her differenciating opinions made my head spin. I had a FUNERAL to go to, and missed a test day. No remorse, even if it was my own brother. I needed a certificate of death for the school. It was sickening. Do not take her, she is heartless and will make your experience in Sociology God-awful.
No Comments
The worst, least helpful class I have ever taken.
No Comments
She is not interested in hearing ideas that differ from her own. She is extremely arrogant and self righteous. Absolutely stay away if you can. Worst class I have taken at ?SC.
she had her own opinions but wasn't a hard class; I set the curve on the final paper (15 pgs) which I did in 2 nights..some of the readings are interesting, she's VERY liberal, so beware if poli opinions bother you a lot... she was a prominient sociologist in the 80s so respect what she has to say
686971	Mazen	Hashem	11
Very kind and has a genuine interest in what he is teaching.  I really enjoyed this class!
He speaks English as a second language but is easy to understand.  He is willing to explain the concepts in the course. His office hours are accessible should you need extra help.  The book is very valuable and the powerpoint presentations align largely with the book.  His study guides also prepare you for sucees.  A great guy and teacher.
Dr.Hashem is a nice professor.  Although the class was rather difficult with a lot of concepts, he is willing to help you as long as you ask.  The tests come straight from the book/articles and he gives you a study guide and the tests are very similar to the study guides. But i suggest getting the study guide checked before memorizing.
He's not hard to understand at all despite the accent. This class consists of: 2 midterms, 1 final, 1 group presentation, response papers, and attendance. As such, go to class. As for class difficulty, I got my &quot;A,&quot; but it takes some effort to get that. I remember one midterm in particular requiring a LOT of memorization. He does give study guides.
I think the other students are very harsh. Although he has a pretty thick accent, you can understand what he says. His tests are pretty much based on the book but they're pretty easy. You should still go to class because he doesn't post up the powerpoint. He's a very good professor overall. Very helpful and explains concepts well.
The previous evaluations had me a bit apprehensive about taking a class from this professor, but I have to say, the students who have taken this class and have written bad reviews are either slackers or close-minded.  He is NOT hard to understand, you just have to listen without your covert discriminatory thoughts interfering.
He has a strong accent, but you can understand him if you have ever dealt with people for whom English is a second language.  He is enthusiastic about the subject matter, but sometimes has a hard time getting the class to participate.  His tests are very difficult.
He is very helpful, a bit hard to undertand.. however, if you have communicated with people w/english as 2nd language u will b fine. He helps out as much as you need help.
Does not know how to speak English if his life depended on it.  he studders every two seconds and cannot use proper basic English grammar.  He was useful in the sense that he would provide a study guide prior to the tests, only to not include about 75% of what was on the study guide.  He puts questions that were not even in the book on the test
Couldn't understand him. His lectures were right out of the book so you could either read the book or pay attention in class. Had it not been for a great TA I would've been much more frustrated with him than I was.
Gosh!!! i cannot understand one word of wut he's saying!! i really find it hard n soooo not interesting whenver he's talking bout social inequality.. hope i can pass that class with at least a &quot;b&quot;. Never again!!!
385757	Michael	Keenan	11
best director here. knows how to treat actors because he's just been there. he just gets the best out of you. classy too
Has a lot of knowledge and helps you learn a lot, but isn't always clear about how to improve. Must also be a tough grader because I was the most prepared person and showed a lot of improvement and still only got an A-, so I don't know what he was looking for. Interesting and pretty fun class though.
I was his favorite and therefore his class rocked. I learned a lot.
He does a great job at criticizing performances, but not at saying what could have been done better. It's like pulling teeth to get him to work with you. Class should be a learning experience where people make mistakes and the professor helps them overcome these mistakes. Keenan's class has been a waste of time.
He plays major favorites, and if you are not a favorite, expect either no feedback or negative feedback only. Grading is easy, but if you want to learn and get honest feedback for your work, he is not the teacher for you. And this wasn't just my opinion, but 5 others in a class of 20 as well!
Plays favorites BIG TIME. A lot of his critiques are common sense and his assignments didn't really help strengthen me as an an actor at all. I wouldn't recommend him.
I felt that he can be helpful but only if it he wouldn't play favorites.  I didn't feel as though he gave equal constructive critiques to all.  Although he is nice, and seems to know what he's talking about.
he was pretty good. some of the stuff he wanted got to be on the hard side. if you're not really into theatre, don't take 101 with him
Keenan is awesome!  He's really interested in challenging each student and providing them with reliable tools that will be there for you when inspiration might not.  He runs his class very professionally, so if students don't jump up to work, class gets cancelled and it's your loss.
Excellent Class! Excellent Teacher!
Excellent teacher.  Really enjoyed this class.
624806	Paul	Blomeyer	11
really funny
Taught me a lot about critical thinking in writing
Very funny dude. Lots of cursing and yelling, but it's all in good nature. He tells very interesting stories that sidetrack him ...His grading is hard though
yay!
most hilarious professor ever. best writ 140 prof in my opinion. however, he does grade really harshly.
Really funny guy. But honestly, I can't say his class was all that constructive. I had basically the same useless criticism on all of my essays, and he really does grade like a typical WRIT 140 professor. This being said, he's probably one of the more entertaining WRIT professors, albeit his grading leaves more to be desired.
Funny as hell. Curses a lot. Easygoing. Lets you turn in a paper 3 weeks late without any penalty. Has definitely made writ140 easier, even though it has a reputation for being hard at USC
Blomeyer's class is boring at best. The only times it is exciting are when he gets off topic, look him up on youtube for some laughs. Other than that, poorly taught class, he always writes the same comments like &quot;cogent&quot; on papers and seems find flaws with even the most quality writing (or is this just WRIT140&#63;). Overall, I wouldn't recommend him.
I thought Paul was a really good professor, in that without his allowing me to have extra time for my papers I would have never passed this otherwise hideous class. True, he is full of dry humor-- and some people are not into that. He, however, made the cl
Ask him about syrecuse if you want to get him off topic. And then ask him about his stand up comedy gig. He just looks disgruntled. He isn't that bad. Work isn't that hard either. He is always willing to give extensions. These are his words &quot;first thing i always do when writing a paper, is get an extension&quot;
Friendly, not very enthusiastic about teaching this class.
635987	John	Murray	11
Very understanding of students and often pushed back deadlines to accommodate students. Cares more about quality work than on time papers. Good writing conferences and super helpful in one-on-one sessions. Conferences are more rewarding and feedback is better if you participate in class (so he knows your personalitywriting style better).
He may seem a bit odd at first, but he's super nice & really cares about his students. Knows the class by name & genuinely wants to help students improve. Jokes & examples make class fun, & feedback helps prepare us for "real-world" writing. Focuses on learning, not grades. Attendance is important but he's not a stickler. Down-to-earth and likable.
One of my favorite professors at USC. Funny, intelligent, and really wants his students to succeed. Actually enjoyed coming to class and he made a potentially boring class very stimulating and enjoyable.
Don't get me wrong, Prof. Murray is an awesome person. He's  funny, knowledgeable, and empathetic towards his students. But when it comes to papers, he's extremely nit-picky. WRIT340 should not be as hard as he makes it. You're better off taking a business writ340 section.
He's really funny and nice. Hes very helpful and the class is not hard at all.
John is one of the best professors I've had at USC. He is nice, funny, smart and so well-read. His class discussions are thought-provoking, he gives good feedback on papers and, unlike many professors, is empathetic towards his students. Overall great professor so try to take his class if you can!
Amazing teacher. If you have a chance to take a course with him (340) then you would be doing yourself a disservice by skipping out. He also teaches a special 340 course in the spring term that focuses around working at local schools and then filming a short documentary. As far as teachers go, he's probably in my top 2 at USC.
Murray is the man. He took relative difficult subject matter and made it very easy. For how bad 140 is, he made it a joy. TAKE HIS CLASS!!
This guy is the coolest teacher. Writing 140 isn't easy, but he makes everything ok because he is so helpful. Take his class!
Very helpful and wants you to succeed in his class.  Tough at first, but easy to get the hang of it.
He is helpful and friendly.  Very likeable.
1257803	Cody	Todd	11
Cody Todd is one of those professors that leave you wanting more time with them. He makes writing enjoyable and exciting. The topics are yours for the most part and he is willing to sit down and discuss with you about your topic. Which makes it easer it write on.. He praises you when you do well and gives you good feedback on what to do next.
Cody Todd is the MAN. He's super helpful in the writing process and his critiques are always insightful. He truly wants his students to do well in the class and he seems to grade essays a lot easier than most other writing professors. He's a genuinely funny guy and makes me actually want to go to class. Highly recommend. Take him, no question.
Dr. Todd is my boy. Best teacher I've had at USC
Best Writing Prof Ever!!  I will never forget how he taught me to make my statement risky! Miss Cody so much!
One of my favorite classes and teachers in college. He's really approachable and incredibly helpful, always there for his students.
Cody was an amazing writing prof. never before has the Wire, Bonnie & Clyde, and Chinatown been on my required reading list, but Cody made class interesting and intellectual. I had to work very hard for my grade, but my writing improved dramatically and I really enjoyed the class!
Great teacher! Really funny and engaging and insightful. He offers genuine praise and encouragement and thoughtful suggestions and criticism. I not only became a better writer through this class but thoroughly enjoyed the process and was highly motivated to do so. Could not have asked for a better writing professor!
He's genuinely interested in his students, extremely helpful and motivating, hilarious, and a mentor in every sense of the word. He's simply the best, and I hope I get to take more classes with him in the future.
AMAZING! always made the class laugh with his comments. really helpful in the writing process. challenging class but i feel i really improved as a writer. great guy. great class.
No Comments
Enjoyed the class. He was really helpful and willing to discuss concerns with your paper. Acknowledges the effort you put in.
1661724	Farida	Habeeb	11
I LOVE FARIDA!She was the best professor I have had at USC thus far. But,she is not the easiest. I think in a normal class I would have gotten an A,but she pushes u so hard,by the time you leave her class, you are one of the best writers at SC(Every paper grade I have gotten since that class has been an A). Invest the time in her class and it pays
To succeed in her class isn't impossible, but you have to work for it. She has assignments due each class period and although its annoying, it makes your due dates stress free. She is incredibly helpful-probably the most helpful teacher ever. Attendance is mandatory, but she is really entertaining and she really wants her students to succeed. 
She's so helpful. She loves teaching people how to write and she is so knowledgable in the material. Definitely a hard grader but you learn from her comments. Always go to her office hours and you will improve  so much.
Hardest class I have taken at USC, and by far the one I recommend the most. Farida is an excellent teacher and will transform  both your view on socioeconomic issues and your ability to write. This class is hard, and you should take it or you are missing out
Farida is a brilliant writer and is very helpful during office hours, however she expects a lot out of her students and is a pretty tough grader.
By far the hardest writing teacher. The class is hard, but she is harder. She will push you, but more likely than not you will rise to the challenge and become a better writer than the avg 140 student. If you put toward the effort, she will go over the moon to help you. Dread the class at the beginning, be glad you took it at the end.
Farida is one of my favorite professors! She really cares about her students and is easy to access if you need help.  She grades hard and will be very frank with you, but that is necessary to grow as a writer! I'm going to miss this class.
Farida is very approachable and nice and also extremely helpful.  She is an unbelievably hard grader, as are most writ-140 teachers, and she will push you all semester.  I feel like my writing has improved tremendously since taking her class and am so glad I had her as a teacher even though it was really tough!
You have to put in a lot of work to get an above average grade, but she is extremely helpful and a great teacher.
Farida is very caring and understanding. She's relatively young so she understands students and knows that Writing 140 isn't exactly a favorite class. Her grading is on the harder side but she does take effort and improvement into consideration. Definitely one of the better Writing 140 teachers.
Farida is helpful and she's a great writer.  She knows her stuff and can help you improve your writing greatly.  But her prompts are really hard and she's a really hard grader.  Most people get C-B on their essays.  You'd have to be like a god to a B+.  But overall, she's really nice.
1514243	Thomas	Ward	10
Gangs class was interesting and great. However, half of each midterm and the final were multiple-choice minutia from the readings, never discussed in class, on the guided questions for each reading, or mentioned in the study guides he gave us. Extremely frustrating and easily the worst exams I've seen. Of the type 'why was minor character X' upset?
Favorite class at USC
Prof. Ward was really a great guy. It was an interesting class. However, the title is VERY misleading, as the first half of the semester is solely devoted to studying the Aztecs. He doesn't grade terribly hard, but the weighting is awful. Don't expect to get an easy A at all; this was my diversity and ended up dropping my GPA.
Ward is very passionate about his work and was a great guy. The class was somewhat interesting; there was heavy emphasis on the Aztecs for the first 5-6 weeks, so the rest of Mexican history/modern culture felt a bit rushed. The exams aren't too bad, but the weighting is awful; midterm/exam/paper are each 30%. Not an easy A, but learned new things.
Very good professor. His study questions are very clear and organized and are EXACTLY what come one the midterms. Lectures are very informal and he likes involvement and is very generous with grading and extra credit. There's a lot of reading and it's hard to do it all before the exam so you have to be a little consistent!
amazing professor. one of my favorites at USC. Very nice guy and easy class
Great professor, informal-ish lectures but very interesting and engaging. very passionate professor, very helpful. gives study questions and lays out the material very clearly so youre super prepared for the midterm/final
Great Professor! He gives study questions that really help understanding the reading and the tests are 100% based on the questions. He can have a couple random questions in the midterm and final but overall he was a great professor!
Best professor I have had at USC.  He is very casual and acts as an equal to students.  His lectures are fun and very organized and easy to follow.  He is very passionate and is a very interesting person.  Lectures are always fun to me and I actually like going to class (which is weird).  HE'S AWESOME!  =D  (btw I'm in his Urban Gangs class)
Lectures are informal yet interesting.  Readings are very informative and engaging (not to mention required for just about all assignments and exams).  Grading is rather lenient and so are deadlines.  Exams are based on study questions posted on Bb so you can answer them while you read and have an easy time studying. He is always willing to help.
1342582	Susan	Lape	10
Professor laps is extremely disorganized. She frequently changes the syllabus, and the notes she puts online are incomplete sentencesthoughts and nearly impossible to understand. The amount of reading is extreme. The class is overall very boring, unmanageable, and confusing. Would not recommend ever. 
Covers interesting material and is very sweet and accommodating. A little bit disorganized but nothing that will disrupt the classroom experience too much. Quite a few papers and a bit of reading but I guess that is to be expected of a GE V class anyway. Will miss this class!
Profesor Lape is so sweet, she is very accommodating to everyone's schedules. Her tests are very straight forward so if you do the readings you should get a good grade. I took 280 for GE and it was super easy and fun she shows movie clips in class. Though be prepared to take notes as she will question on themes discussed!
Very disorganized and ambiguous about what she wants from you. She's sweet but not a good teacher.
Nice person but not a good lecturer, VERY disorganized. She changes or adds to the syllabus frequently mid-semester--really annoying. Lectures are hard to hear sometimes. Class isn't too difficult but TONS of reading. Take this class for an easyish A/B if you can read a lot and remember details, but maybe you should skip the lectures...
Extremely disorganized and poor at lecturing. Requires lots of books (~$160 total) and only sections of most of the books are used. Occasionally unclear in the reading assignments, and took the majority of the semester to complete the syllabus. She is enthusiastic about the topic though.
Class is entirely lecture-based, with around 200 pages of reading every week. Professor is not very organized (didn't have a complete syllabus until after the second midterm), and not very good with technology/spelling either. Material is interesting if you manage to do the readings, and the TAs are very helpful and are easy graders.
Generally 100-250 pages of reading per week. Boring lectures, no slides. Lots of books to buy. Bad with technology, frequently manages to break the mic before class starts, making it hard to hear her for the remainder of the lecture.
I really enjoyed Happiness and the Human Condition. Susan is a bit eccentric but a total sweetheart! She will change her class in order to make our lives easier and she usually ends class early. There is a lot of reading but if you like the subject it's not so bad. And we got to learn how to meditate, which was sweet!
Relatively new class so not very well organized.  Flexible due dates when everyone is cramped for time.  Will give out a good deal of A's on papers as long as you think critically/analyze and are a decent writer. Lots of reading. Will remember you by name, so go to class.
1811185	Rita	Sherma	10
I love Dr. Sherma so much. She is so kind and is ready to help you learn as much about Eastern Religion -- which if you're not already accustomed to it, is very different. I am a Human Biology major and I really loved this upper division REL class. Sad to know she is leaving for Cal this December.
Professor Sherma is such a nice person and her class is very easy. There are 2 weekly reflections, but she barely grades them. And the final term paper (no finalmidterm) is also a piece of cake. However, there is no organization to her teaching structure so she repeats herself all the time and lectures can get VERY repetitive. 
Fantastic teacher, highly recommend this GE. Lectures were sometimes boring but she is extremely knowledgeable on the subject. Make sure you do the weekly reflections. No final or midterm but a 10 pg term paper
I was lost all semester. Unless you have some knowledge prior, you'll probably be lost too. Her teaching style is bad. She writes on chalkboard all class and expects you to copy and email your notes. Impossible to learn like that. Altho friendly and willing to help, she is unclear. No final and short weekly reflections. I have no idea how I got a B
Best professor I have had at USC so far. Kind, super smart, and always looking too help, if you are willing to write a couple pages of reflection a week you will get an A. SHERMA IS THE BEST
What a delight of a professor. Course was kind of confusing but she was extremely lenient with grades and due dates and there was very little work for the class. Great, easy GE-5
Honestly probably the best GE5 you could take! Professor Sherma is extremely nice, understanding, communicative. She knows what she is talking about and tells great stories. No tests, quizzes, or final. The midterm was a rough draft of our final paper that is due and then weekly readings that are not hard to understand plus responses to them.
Prof Rita is the best ever! She is incredibly friendly and forgiving as well as very knowledgeable about her subject. To boot she's absolutely passionate and tells wonderful stories! The reading for this class is easy and so are the assignments. BEST CLASS EVER
AMAZING professor! Extremely helpful and responds quickly to emails and questions. Knows a lot about religion and loves teaching it. Has great stories. One final paper and reflections due each week, but just skimming reading is fine. DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED!
Wow, this teacher is awesome! No midterm, no final; no tests at all. There was only one essay due for the whole class. There are mini reflections once a week and she is the nicest teacher to walk the planet. She is very well-knowledgable about Hindu Yoga, which she made interesting. Easy class, good teacher
200155	Constantin	Vaitsos	10
Easy class.
Great teacher, very clear, and easy to do well if you have the disk and go to class.  Don't need book at all or go to TA section except for quizzes
I took two classes with him and he is a really great teacher, especially for his concetration class. The only bad thing about the 311 class is that the curve is soooo tight, it is almost impossible to get an A. If you don't like the material, you'll hate the classes, but I loved them!
Unlike his undergrad class, his graduate class is extremely difficult. Our final was eight hours long, and even then no one was able to complete it entirely! He is unclear in his explainations, and he gets very angry if you ask him to clarify himself. He is also extremely arrogant and condescending.
I thought professor Vaitsos was geat. I didn't find the class that boring, although I can understand why other students did. It probably shouldn't be a req. but the class is easy (so the curve is tough) and he's always available to help. The TA's aren't great, but with the disk you won't need them!
Boring OMG
You totally don't need the book for this class, but buy the disk, because it has all the past tests on them annd he lets you bring everything to the test.
GET THE DISK !! THE WHOLE CLASS IS IN THE DISK !! YOU DON'T EVEN NEED THE CLASS AS LONG AS YOU HAVE THE DISK !!
No Comments
Can't blame the guy for teaching a completely worthless class.  Wait, yes you can! (love the accent though)
360742	Marc	Aubertin	10
very bad grader. Avoid at all cost
Nice guy, but doesn't do the work necessary to teach the course. Needs to develop and apply consistent standards on assignments. It might be an issue of lack of experience, but I felt like he refused to commit to specific standards to avoid being pegged to a consistent framework. Also, got A's in previous courses.
Like all professors, he has a unique grading standard, but he is not forthcoming regarding the standard prior to actually handing out grades. Also, I feel like my writing and speaking abilities got worse under this professor.
Very Hard. Avoid taking him. He  will kill your GPA.
A bit arbitrary on the grading (got an A in writ140, but a B in writ340). He uses exaggerated and artifical gestures when he talks. Also, he explains very simple things ad nauseum...
I took a class for engineering writing. It was very fun to take his class. He is very helpful and kind. I put easiness as 3 because it was a bit hard for me. But if you are good at writing or likes writing, it should be easy for you. Strongly recommend him.
Relaxed atmosphere. Friendly. Helpful. His memos tell you exactly what he wants on his assignments.
No Comments
WONDERFUL! prof
No Comments
1026552	Stephen	Byars	10
He was a very helpful and nice professor. I wish the class had gone over more business specific topics like cover letters, but he was a very fair grader.
Prof. Byars is one of the best professors I had at Marshall. Not only does he try to make every class fun and engaging, he really cares about his students. He was always willing to make time outside of class to help me with the papers. He is a hard but a fair grader - I learned a lot from his feedback. Take him, you won't regret it!
discussion-based class, be sure to provide your insight if you want to be noticed by the professor. Byars is a very knowledgable man, so ask questions, and this makes class more interesting. Essay midterms and finals. Show up or be surprised on tests
The class is easy but he is a hard grader. we only had 2 A- in the class (out of 25-30 students)
Great professor! He's a difficult grader, but is very clear in what he expects from the beginning. I had a lot of fun in his class and learned a lot! Go to his office hours often.
Assignments are very straightforward. 4 presentations in all, no midterm and a take home final that gives he gives you 2 weeks to complete. Difficult, but fair grader -- take heed to his critique to improve upon your grade. If you are willing to practice your presentations, I highly recommend him overall.
Super easy and kind professor. Not exactly entertaining, but he's alright if you get his humor. Very helpful and understanding. I literally wrote my papers a couple hours before they were due and I got an A- without trying. He will give you recommendationst oo.
I really like him! He was extremely helpful and easygoing. Make sure to go to class because he does not go strictly from the text.
He was very boring and I never wanted to go to class. However, if you went to his office hours he helped a lot with your papers.
No Comments
1432763	Nathanael	Fast	10
Hmmm the review below seems fishy since professors for 304 don't grade - it's all Bresnahan and Tolan (TAs) and has been that way for years. With that being said, I enjoyed having Fast for lecture. Was always engaging and energetic. I would definitely recommend him if you need to take 304 to graduate 
when it comes to assignments this guy is another story. impossible grader, my friends taking professor townsend are having a much better time
Professor Fast is great! I actually had him for both MOR 472 and BUAD 304. Not only is he a great guy who cares about his students, but his 472 class (Power, Politics, and Influence) is THE #1 most useful/relevant course I've taken. Felt like I got my money's worth, and with U$C's tuition, that's really saying something. Highly highly recommend!
Easily one of my favorite professors at USC. Smart and charismatic. He makes the material interesting and really cares about his students.
His power class is one of the best classes I have taken at SC! He's really helpful, and really wants to see his students succeed. Participate in class, do the weekly readings and you should be fine.
He was fantastic! Lecture is all about participation. He gives lots of good advice and shares stories of himself.  Best 304 teacher by far, no questions asked.
Fast was very clear in his lectures. He also wanted everyone to truly understand what he was trying to say. He even told us a bit of his own research in psychology/business organization. The subject matter, I found, was interesting. The class itself was tough but do-able
He is VERY nice and really helpful. He explains concepts and wants students to do well. He is kinda hot, but sorry ladies he is married    :(   but take him anyway, really cool class!
Super hot and really smart. Totally a doable professor (double entendra)
He is so nice and looks like superman ;) Great teacher! Very clear and helpful.l Homework is SO EASY! If you watch the video lectures and take good notes, you can easily get an A. It is all memorization!
1433608	David	Maber	10
INCREDIBLE PROFESSOR! (And I am typically not generous in my ratings of professors) He understands difficult concepts so in depth a 6 year old could eventually understand cost accounting. Provides SO MUCH value to students even though his tests are very hard! If you study and practice a lot, you will get an A. DEFINITELY TAKE!!
Cool guy, extremely nice, teaches things crystal clear. Problem: his midterm is ridiculous. I felt like I understood the material well & flat out failed. I was en route to a C in the class but he encourages you to keep working at it, and sure enough, the final is much more straightforward. Aced it no problem, ended up with an A-. Highly recommend!
He is super smart and makes the material clear, however the midterm and the final are SO HARD!!!!!  All MC, around 25 questions each, except worth 30% and 50% of your grade--a lot of pressure!  He is a great teacher, but be prepared to study A LOT in order to get above a B.
Get him under all costs; your life will be much easier. Explains everything very clearly and really cares about his students (uses student suggestions when making tests). Accounting was such a breeze. He has a lisp which is kind of funny at first.
Awesome! But don't miss a lecture and write everything down. If you are ever confused about something, just ask. He will LITERALLY stop and make sure you understand the concept you are struggling with before continuing. Some professors test on fundamental concepts or your ability to perform calculations; he does both in every exam question.
Maber is the best professor I have had so far at making a complicated subject understandable. Highly recommended
The best teacher i've ever had at usc. i took classes at 8am but every class was amazing and worth going to. he was clear and related acct problems to real life. if you missed a class, you could just easily learn the material from ppts on blackboard since it covers everything he says. but careful on midterms/exams they are pretty difficult all mc
Pretty Awesome Teacher.  All MC during midterm.
Very friendly professor. He makes an already easy subject a breeze and also fun to learn at the same time. Attendance is not mandatory as understanding the book and lecture slides is enough to land a good grade.
He is one of the best teachers at USC.  He legitimately cares about his students understanding the material and is willing to help at anytime of the day, even for other classes.  He has energy and relates to the students and makes a boring subject bearable.  If you have to adjust your schedule to get in his class, DO IT
1463640	Ellen	Dipprey	10
If you are want to get an A in this class, don't take her.  All of the reviews here raving about her as a professor and as a lecturer are well founded and accurate, but her grading criteria is an enigma in and of itself.  The class is almost entirely graded on presentations.  Somehow, she consistently gives second language students higher grades.
This class is different from any class in Marshall. Don't take this class if you are unwilling to take the concepts and attempt to apply them into your life. This class will provoke you into having a semester of genuine self-discovery and can be extremely important to your future but you have to come to class willing to try the concepts.
Although she does grade tough, she is one of the most helpful professors who WANTS you to improve. The class, no matter how you feel about the material, is fun to go to and the class ends up bonding pretty well. I would definitely recommend her as a teacher. The class was one of my favorites, and I even had a "fear of public speaking"  at the start
Dipprey is very helpful and organized. Go to her office hours whenever you can. She is fun to talk to and very passionate especially early in the morning. She grades very strictly, which can be a bit frustrating at times, but don't be afraid to get her help outside the classroom. Several projects are very time consuming and can be difficult.
Very interesting class - like nothing else in Marshall. Be willing to experience a lot in this class both in your personal and academic life. Not particularly 'difficult' - but do not be misled thinking it is an "easy A 2 unit" - if you take it pass/no pass it will be super easy. But if you want a good grade, come to class weekly and be present.
A great professor who really wants to help her students to improve. She gives very interesting lectures while many group discussions are involved. However, not to put too fine a point on it, from my point of view, she grades unfairly (Or I should say the grading criteria is unfair). But I do recommed to take her class for BUAD302.
Great teacher! Not a super easy class, but she is very entertaining. No textbook. Need to attend class. Work hard and you will do well. No midterm (just a presentation). One final. VERY helpful teacher!!
Creativity in Business, 2 units: She is sincerely interested in helping students grow in their personal, academic & professional lives. Best, most warm professor I've had at USC. I would highly recommend this class to all majors, and am so happy to have met Prof. Dipprey early on in my USC career.
Absolutely loved this class! She is by far one of the best professors at Marshall. She is a tough grader but she is always willing to help. You will definitely feel more confident with your ability to prepare and present material.
One of the best teachers at USC.  Take her business communication class in the summer its much more helpful.  You will greatly improve your presentation skills and she is more than helpful.  She demands a lot but you will come out of her class confident in your presentation skills.
1468063	Patrick	Henry	10
Professor Henry will teach you a lot about being an entrepreneur, but his class is a LOT of work. This is not a class to take if you aren't ready to put in 4-5 hours of work per week, at least. It's worth it though. 
my favorite teacher at SC and cares about more than just grades- will help you with your future. If you want a stupid no brainer class don't take this but if you want a class to help you build your future- its a must!
Wow. When they came up with "those who can't do, teach," they must have been thinking of PH. It was unfortunate that I had him as my last professor in the sequence. Take anyone else if you can.
Best professor I had in my 4 years at USC. Definitely instilled in me entrepreneurial qualities that will serve me well throughout my career. There is quite a bit of work in the class, but it is absolutely worthwhile. I'm not a business student and loved the class.
Busy work, but completely worthwhile. My favorite class I have taken at USC so far- HIGHLY recommend to any entrepreneurs looking to make connections
PH can be slightly opinionated but is arguably the best entrepreneurship professor in Grief. He has a lot of experience, a huge network, and is very willing to help if you reach out to him. The class is demanding and challenging but manageable if you don't procrastinate. READ THE SYLLABUS. If you want to do well you will also have to present.
Awful. Simply awful. Avoid if possible. Any of the other entrepreneurship professors are better than this incompetent fellow.
Nice professor, with actual real life experience. THe class is challenging but very rewarding. If you think you need a push to pursue a business opportunity, this is your man. he gives reading assignments and papers which are due at the beginning of almost every class. projects are cool and fun. NEVER PROCRASTINATE in his class.
never ever be late. other than that this is the best class i've taken at USC and if everyone can take it, do!!
Professor Henry is very fun to listen to. NEVER be late, you rather be absent than late.
1758910	Eric	Allen	10
Take Professor Allen for 285a! As another reviewer wrote, he is extremely passionate about accounting and made it easy to remain engaged through an 8am lecture. If you put in the work, it is easy to get an A!
His 4 tests are ridiculous.  It is much harder than the homework problems and in-class exercises and he said "tests are meant to be a challenge." There are NO MC on the test so be ready to know everything.  His explanation is so unclear and fast that it is  better to read a  text book at home. 
Overrated here. Unclear and talks so fast that most students do not understand him. His tests are way harder than the homework and class exercise problems. Get ready to read a book. It is much better to read the book than going to his lecture.  
Truly enthusiastic about accounting that it almost gets me excited. Teaches real world relevance beyond textbook problems. Also prepares you well for his exams with in-class problems. Very approachable and available.
Professor Allen is extremely clear in lectures and extremely helpful and flexible with office hours. He explains accounting concepts in his own words and always provide examples that were extremely helpful in understanding them. Although he does get a little tricky when it comes to midterm. Overall he's an amazing professor.
Accounting is a boring subject. He is extremely helpful and approachable. He goes over hw questions in class and knows what he is talking about. Definitely recommend taking accounting 285a with him.
very helpful he loves when you ask questions and know when things balance. Just keep up on reading the book. He goes over homework in class if you don't understand. GREAT TEACHER
Very clear and concise lectures. He is very flexible about hw and in classes exercises, and the tests are easy.
Professor Allen is very accessible. His office hour is really useful.He is pretty lenient about the homework and in class exercise. But his exam is tooooooo long.I can't remember all the materials for so many questions in one exam.
Great Professor! My favorite at USC.  Quizzes and midterms are easy. Go for his office hours if you need help, he's super approachable
1128488	Martha	Townsend	10
Good professor who requires your hard work! 3 papers (one with presentation) and a group project (choose topic&other 3 members on your own). Clear grading criterions, harsh but problem-revealing feedback! Rewrite again and again, but you can clearly see the improvements.  The final grade is better than you thought due to group part & participation
She's really really helpful. She's clear, knows what goes into a good presentation and makes you work. I've seriously improved my communication skills from the beginning of the semester. She wants to see you get better and will grade you in such a way. Also she's a tough grader. Take this class with her if you want to see your comm skills improve. 
I love her!! Never have I learned so much in one class. She is the best teacher at USC!!!
One of the best profs at USC, and at least the hardest working. WRIT340 is a rough class no matter who you take it with, but with Townsend makes it almost enjoyable. Great lectures, always available to students, overall great teacher.
I only recommend this professor if you wanna work hard and receive a low grade. She is the least logical professor I have ever dealt with! She constantly changes her mind about the comments on the essays! Avoid her at any cost!
The most hard working teacher I have ever had. She comes to school at 6 am and leaves at 8 pm and takes the time to write you extremely constructive comments and she is really interested in helping you become a competitive professional. She stayed when she was sick to help me with my resume. She said she would help me after this semester too.
Alot of work for little pay off. Expect to do 7-10 presentations ranging from 50-150 points. 1 class journal. & a CUMULATIVE final that can be on anything in the class. She is subjective, difficult to work with and plays favorites. Take a DIFFERENT comm class there are others that are much better! Expect no higher than a B in her class.
Probably the most applicable and useful classes I've taken at USC here.  She's a great teacher, explains things well, and really takes the time to help her students out.  She's very knowledgeable and credible.  The catch is, there is a good amount of work and presentations to do.
At first glance, Prof. Townsend doesn't seem very charismatic and the class seems like a waste of time. However, I learned more useful knowledge in this class than any other class I took at USC. Prof. Townsend is always available for office hours and always full of great advice. She is always humble and full of wisdom.
Honestly not a good Teacher.  Lots of useless work and presentations, and this class is a HUGE time commitment if you want any sort of a decent grade.  Take someone else instead.
1338886	Jonathan	Taplin	10
Very knowledgable about the entertainment industry. Only assignments are a consulting type group project on an aspect of the entertainmenttech industry and 2 4 page essays for the midterm and final. Guest lecturers like T-Bone Burnett are brought in to talk. Taplin even shows his movies that he produced and stuff which is super cool. 
The best part of Taplin is that he is SO passionate and really wants to help us help the world. It is also cool that he such a cool background, travelled with b. dylan and produced scorsese's mean streets, so LOTS of cool experiences that he openly shares! Barely any hw, no little quizzes, just a project and two essay for the entire class. 
Inspiring! Just keep your mind open, he's current & updates things. Expresses his opinions, he's optimistic & big on suggesting that students in his class/of this generation will be the ones to make the change aligning with how Bob Dylan and the people he's worked with helped shaped a new era. TAKE THIS CLASS if love arts and social change!
Very interesting professor, but midterm and final are fairly difficult. Its not very easy, you have to put in a lot of work. You must get the book.
Really interesting material, which is constantly refreshing due to the nature of our quick-paced digital era. Very passionate about what he does and extremely helpful & friendly upon approaching outside of class. Hint: sign up for some AIL (Annenberg Innovation Lab) speakers to show your extra effort and put see his teachings extended beyond class
Before taking the class, i read his bio. He's worked with Bob Dylan and Janis Joplin-I assumed he would be cool. He's not. Super anal about the readings-calls on people at random to ask them questions about it. And so far, his lectures haven't been that great. I don't know if he's off his game this semester, because he's usually highly recommended
Don't buy the book, all the required readings are posted online on BlackBoard.
Really interesting class, he brought in speakers from organizations such as the FCC and Verizon. Keep up with the readings; don't worry about participation if you're shy, just post a well-thought paragraph in the discussion each week and you'll get credit. If you're a confident writer and good at thinking critically, then the two papers are a breez
Great professor! He definetly knows his stuff. The class isn't a breeze though; it's pretty tought actually.
Awesome prof! has a lot of experience in the entertainment world and the class is really interesting. only 2 take-home exams and participation (need to keep up with readings). BEST CLASS i've taken at usc
1787886	Paolo	Sigismondi	10
Comm 207 is an interesting class because of the content. That being said Prof. Sigiisondi really knows what he is talking about, but his lectures can sometimes be very long and dry. If you want to get more interesting information talk to him alone and he can go on and on about the whatever part of the media industry you are interested in. 
Prof. Sigismondi is not a terrible professor, but just not the most engaging. He uses the same type of PP slides I(some dating back to 2006) every lecture, and stands still in one spot, reading off slides pretty monotonously and moves through them quickly,  making it hard to take good notes. However, go to his office hours and he's really nice.  
He does move fast though lecture slides, but he sends out all the slides you need to know for the test anyway. VERY nice guy. Only one test, plus a group projectpaper. Not bad at all If you are good at memorizing things from slides, the test will be easy for you. A lot of the info is based on big companies and the history of technology. Thumbs up
I've never written a review for a professor before. However, I want to make public my disdain for the structure of this course, and the general apathy displayed by the professor. Inaccessible for office hours, generally rude and unpleasant. Avoid this course. Avoid this professor. TL;DR: Sub-par course taught by a sub-par professor.
Horrible. THE most pointless class I've taken at this university. Students are disinterested, and Sigismondi makes no attempts to engage them.
This professor is not engaged with students at all. He went very fast and even after multiple students asked him to slow down, he failed to do so. The majority of your grade is centered on the midterm, the final, and a group project that is also poorly introduced and discussed about. Do not take this course.
Poorly constructed course. Material/content basic and fails to cover more advanced topics. Information is commonsensical. Take this course if you enjoy group projects and power point slides. Everyone in class is disinterested. Most of grade is concentrated into a final and midterm.
Very friendly. Makes his lesson clear enough to understand. (Even with a moderately strong accent). He doesn't test nit-picky details. All that matters is  understanding the concept well enough so you can apply this to your future job. That is something the TAs understand when grading. You will pass if you study his lecture notes.
Professor not terribly helpful or engaged.  Curriculum not terribly creative - relies primarily on textbook discussions/assignments.
Very patient with students, and the most approachable prof I've had at this school. He is eager to talk with and help students. Also asks relevant questions to speakers which I definitely appreciated. Not a demanding course at all.
1813521	Jillian	Pierson	10
Face palm. Killed a really interesting subject.
The contents of the lecture and textbook are fairly easy to comprehend but the way she words the exam questions is confusing.
Prof Pierson teaches some really valuable and important career-related lessons in this class. I really took away a lot. Although the class got a bit boring at times, the assignments due were all really helpful. Pierson cares about her students, and i would really recommend this class for people interested in actually learning. GREAT TEACHER :)
Her exams are difficult because the questions is hard to understand. If she uses clear and direct sentences, it will be much helpful to students. Anyway, there are three midterms in the class with an optional final exam. She only picks three highest scores.
The class was supposed to be very interesting due to its content; however, the delivery of the contents is hindered because of inconsistency between the lecture and the textbook. In addition, the exams were difficult to comprehend due to complex wordings. Therefore, the organization of the materials should be improved.
Her lecture can be boring due to abundant discussions unrelated to the textbook. She required three exams and one optional final. She also required two papers and participations. The exams were definitely not straightforward and she admitted that she can reword the questions. In addition, the paper grading is very harsh.
She is really an unorganized professor. Her lecture and the textbook are contradicting to one another even though she claimed it is somehow connected. So, it can be really confusing when it comes to the exams. Yet, she can be a sarcastic professor and is always opinionated about everything. 
This class is interesting and not too difficult. As long as you use her reading guides and fill them out as you go, studying for tests are easy. There are 3 midterms (not cumulative) and an optional final. The final grade if taken replaces your lowest midterm grade. Loved this class and would highly reccomend
Professor Pierson is helpful, straightforward, practical, and most importantly, approachable!!! Her COMM375 course is completely useful and will literally advance your life. Strongly recommend.
She's AWESOME. She really cares about her students. The class is really easy and all the assignments were interesting and inspiring. Don't forget to do your readings and take notes during the class. One of the most easy-to-approach professors in USC.
22292	Edward	Maby	10
not too much good or bad, he will help you if you talk to him. Do the problems in class when he gives you time to do them.
He's a pretty helpful teacher for the most part. A nice guy, but a few times he gets pretty irritated. The Guitar project is fun if you have a decent partner. His homework don't have much to do with what he's lecturing so you learn on your own. Midterm isn't that bad, open notes and based mostly off homework. Be prepared to do a lot of self-work
Gotta be prepared to do some work since it's engineering class. He teaches the subject very well. If you don't follow, ask him. The overall course is not difficult however the lab may take little longer than doing homework. Last project which is making guitar is extremely fun at the same time, it is very important portion of your grade. Fight on!
Professor Maby is entertaining, his class is dynamic (studio style, projects like building an electric guitar), and he's very helpful during office hours.  He brings a lot to the table as a professor.
Don't take his class. Or you will end up with very weak background in circuit design
doesnt teach well. goes over some material but then assigns hw problems that you have to learn on your own. midterm and final are pretty easy though. and you do some okay projects.
So Cool.  Go to his Office hours if your having a problem with the Homework.  He basically gives you the answer.  The projects in the class are the best part, that and his stories about school (hilarious).  Totally recommend taking this class.
I took both classes, then TA'ed both classes.  Kinda eccentric, but knows his stuff.  Fun times with electricity during class, keeps the boredom away.  Exams are super easy, he basically tells you the questions beforehand, plus open notes.
He was kinda weird, but really nice and very willing to help students with difficult concepts
Cool teacher
22295	Melvin	Breuer	10
He is a great teacher and a legend in his field. EE680 was a tough course but hard work pays off!
Really confusing professor. He confuses everyone in class and himself by his own slides. The most useful information that you will get from that course is that you should take EE101 first. Insult all the students from India and China. Seems just go through a hugh strike and try to revenge the society
Sharp tongue; Fake humor ; Fuzzy,vague notes that even himself got confused. Very confused exam paper and questions, U can't even expect a B+ even U work hard. this professor just don't care about most of his students, I would hope to have a chance to quit this class,but I don't. Try it if you don't BELIEVE!
Sometimes he gets confused by looking at his own slides. Has a good knowledge about the course but is very poor in communicating it to students. Insults you openly in class that you dont know EE101. Dont take his EE658 course if you want to have a thorough understanding of the course.
Worst professor I had during my USC graduate career. I regret wasting my time taking his class. He has his own way of pissing students off. Ex) Emailing everyone in class to bring notes for an in-class quiz and when we were all ready to take the quiz, he tells us to put everything away, he did this on purpose btw, according to his own words.
good fun.. teaches well.. has lots of jokes in his slides..
Not good, confusing teacher
No Comments
Working towards a C&#63;
Wanna get a C?
172481	Jean	Maarek	10
Maarek was awesome! He has a good sense of humor and will joke around in class. Still learned a ton in his class and he likes when you participate. A great professor for an early degree necessary class. It wasn't that hard of a class, but you definitely had to study for quizzes and exams. 
Maarek genuinely cares about his students; I was there for his "flipped" classroom trial year, but I'm very thankful I got Maarek instead of Dr. Kay.  Maarek's classroom is very relaxed, but he is clear and helpful if you ever have questions.  He also always has very good TAs, which come in handy for the little labs in discussion section.
Maarek is very laid back, with a soothing voice that will lull you to sleep, especially at 9:30 am.  Lectures aren't really necessary but he casually keeps track of who goes to class and I think he gives better grades to those who do go to class more often.  You can do well in the class without attending because everything is in the notes.
Maarek is a great teacher who cares about what he teaches. He conveys the information pretty clearly. That being said, this is a BME weed out class, and the material is tough no matter what.
BME 101 and BME 302 - Classes are very well structured, homework every 2 weeks, prof isn't very helpful, tests can be tricky so you have to keep up with the material and do examples in class
BME 101 and BME 302 - Classes are very well structured, homework every 2 weeks, prof isn't very helpful, tests can be tricky so you have to keep up with the material and do examples in class
Probably one of the worst classes i have taken.  The homework is ridiculous and the material is even worse.  He is a nice guy, and pretty laid back, but its the course that sucks,not the teacher.  The tests are tricky, the homework tedious, and the class boring.  Though Maarek did a decent job teaching.
Very patient and descriptive. Overall one of the best teachers i have had so far.
No Comments
No Comments
1229031	H. L.	Wong	10
Wonderful human being. Truly cares about the success of his students. Is willing to do anything to get you to understand the material, he will do anything you ask him to do without question. Offers free car service for his student, thanks you for paying your tuition. Teaches you A LOT about school and life.
One of the best profesors I've had. Had him for fluids, foundation design, and intro level classes.  Awesome guy who really cares about his students
had him for ce 106, 107 and 108. hes not the best teacher but he really knows if and is easily accessibly and helpful if you take the time. he wants you to get a good grade so you can turn things in whenever. you don't need to buy the book.
Really funny guy, super easy class. Kind of confusing sometimes, but it doesn't really matter because of how he curves the class. Really cares about his students, knows everyone's names and cares about them.
the grading explained above is correct and he will do basically anything to get his students an A in the class. at the beginning, it will be the worst class because you won't know what is going on but you'll learn that basically he's just letting you have experience with the math even though you probably wont understand it. no attendance.
He makes himself available through email for whatever question. And knows and cares about the mathematics. If anything, he is just interesting to listen to when he gives speeches about what matters in life.
Had him for 106 and 107. Great teacher. He really works with you if you need it.
Vvery funny guy
he knows what's up it's just that most classes later on the TA teaches. But it's not a hard class just long.
50% and up is an A, 30% up is a B. assigns problems that you  probably can't do then basically gives you the answer and how to solve it. funny guy.
1236744	Paul	Ronney	10
Interesting class but really tough class. Most homework you had no idea how to do and little help from Ronney. Group projects are graded weird and tough. You will think you are failing the class until the end when you realize everyone else was failing and when he curves the class you actually did ok. 
Prof Ronney wasn't bad, but not amazing either. He is a very niceapproachable guy, knows his stuff well. His lectures are very long and boring, and pretty useless (he gives lecture notes that have everything he goes over). Class wasn't super hard but you need to do your hw and put effort in learning the material to get a high grade.
Incredibly boring lectures and confusing material. A lot of stories about his astronaut days that were completely irrelevant.
Often tried to keep us entertained by his jokes. Ask him a lot of questions and he will definitely help you out. Very Helpful! One of my favorite professors.
Not an engaging lecturer. Often goes on tangents about what NOT to do without letting you know that method isn't correct. Very confusing during lectures. Doesn't hand back projects in a timely manner. Overall a very UNPLEASANT experience.
Great class great subject! He really enjoys the subject and has a lot of great insight. Subject matter is not easy but is learnable. Tests are a little hard but as long as you do the homework you should be ok. Dont even both with the book as his lectures cover everything (he states this at the start of the course as well).
A stickler for fairness, but his lectures are quite dull. He has some sense of humor.
No Comments
My only complaint is that he often goes off on tangents during lectures.  Other than that, he grades fairly and he's there to help students most of the time.
Really smart teacher.  test are tricky, must have very good knowledge of subject to do well.  good teacher
474784	David	Roman	10
I don't think he's as terrible as others have made him out to be--but then again, I have him for American Literature (there isn't too much room for dissension with his ideas). He is pretty clear, and is upfront about what materialthemes will be on the midtermfinal. His class is VERY much discussion-based; participation is mandatory.
Oh my goodness what an awful professor. So full of himself and with lots of anecdotes to back himself up but never a smidgen of the compassion or intelligence that he claims he is full of.
This class was easy enough; however, prepare to be uncomfortable 95% of the time you are in his class. I don't just mean he pushes you outside your comfort zone either. He is rude, arrogant, and dismissive of students' ideas. You'll do well in this class if just you write his own ideas/definitions verbatim on exams and papers.
To be fair, he's extremely knowledgeable. However, he clearly play favorites. A bit of advice: don't disagree with him if you aren't prepared for a snotty or dismissive response.
He is VERY hard to please! You bust your ass and he still isn't satisfied. He treats everyone like they're in Kindergarten. He also makes you trust him and then in  a blink of an eye snaps and acts cold. I suggest taking it pass/fail. That man is a mystery.
Took Broadway ARLT with Prof. Roman.  It's a pretty easy and very interesting class... if you can write well.  Most of your grade depends on two papers, one of which is a &quot;diagnostic.&quot;  It's difficult to know where you stand in the class, but he gives plenty of extra credit opportunities.  If you participate, you're golden.
Roman's ARLT100 class was great. Interesting, pretty light work, helpful tips on writing. I don't know why he has such negative views on here.
He means well, but I don't really know what the point of his course was.
I had this professor about 10 years ago, so i'm not sure about the class #.  The class was interesting, somewhat.  However,  this professor accused me of plagiarizing on a paper.  I thought it was very unprofoessional as I did not copy and there was no evidence to say that I did.
No Comments
293200	Julia	Plotts	10
One of the few Professors around with real world experience.
Your undergrad experience in Marshall would not be complete without taking this course with Plotts.
Excellent Teacher.  Is there for you if you need her help.  Very understanding.
Absolutely amazing professor. Very funny and made me laugh every time I was in class. Class isn't mandatory, but you're gonna want to go because every lesson was great. Material isn't too hard, 2 midterms and one final each test was 25-30% or something like that. case studies are easy and not worth a lot. overall learned a lot
Best teacher I've had at USC. Material not all that difficult, prof. has great experience in the field and will go out of her way to assist student in their careers. Some student are just annoying, that's why she doesn't like them..
she will tell you 70% of what's in the exam. Very helpful. High class average. HOT!!
Great professor.
Very helpful. Very smart.
No Comments
She can be really cold to certain students. She also plays favoritism to some of her &quot;pet&quot; students.
61228	Helen	Kim	10
Supportive and patient. Really helpful. Best ever. 
One of the best professors. Shows high interest in student work, very supportive and patient. She goes out of her way to help students. Any extra effort is appreciated and rewarded. Strict with class policies. Def, take 209 with her for a great experience. Also, she brings cookies to class!
Helen is one of my favorite professors at USC. She has an incredible knowledge about photography and really pushes all student (regardless of skill) to be the best they can.  She is a lot of fun and I thoroughly enjoyed sitting in class for however many hours we had to. If you are considering a photography course she is the only option.
Honest.
great, one of the best at usc
She is so helpful to her students. She can listen to your thoughts and respect them and even give you better ideas, which is a hard quality to find in prof these days.
Helen is Great. I recommend her highly. If you're thinking about taking 209B take it with Helen.
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
1008006	Michael	Dear	10
Michael now teaches at UC Berkeley. I took his seminar on the Mexican American Border. This class is really good because he challenges as well as guides students in producing original research (not just academic synthesis), and allows students to learn from one another through in class presentations of our research.
This class was boring and utterly useless. As said before this class has an extreme left wing bias and he makes no attempt to hide it (take the bus project for instance, which I felt unsafe doing). He's also an ego centric drama queen,makes a big, immature fuss if you're late. Take your diversity requirement with another class by all means.
The man is an avowed socialist so im warning you now, construct all your essays in the most left-wing approach possible. This was extremely difficult for me to do, and i often felt i had to sell myself out for a good grade. Not too fun, but learned a good deal about LA that a new resident found some usage out of.
Great class, pretty good teacher.
Cool class. The professor brings out some really interesting points of view, though you have to deal with a lot of boredom and listening to him speak before he spills something good. I'd say there was about one interesting idea per lecture. Discussions were a waste of time, however its good to get friendly with your TA b/c he grades your papers.
Agree with the person below. TAs graded the papers and exams to harshly, and the lectures are only boring summary of the course readings (if you ever gonna read them before class). Generally, do not recommend this class, unless you are absolutely in love with Los Angeles.
The person below me pretty much summed it up. However, I am liberal and still agree. Also, the lectures tend to go no where. I daze off for 20 minutes and we are still talking about a stupid cornfield (sorry to those that like it).  Professor Dear and the TA's take this class way to seriously and the harsh grades reflect this.
Warning to conservative students: This class is very liberal. Class themes lean to the far-left. The TAs lead discussions condemning Republicans and they give low grades for essays which think differently.
This class sucks. most boring thing ever.
Prof. Dear is amazing!! Very creative, class is NEVER boring! Great T.A.'s as well!!
816694	Will	Berelson	10
He's a funny guy, he LOVES oceanography, I like him as a professor.  The class was pretty easy because the tests were curved. He maintained my interest during lectures. I went to class and took good notes and I was fine, though I know people who did even less than that and were fine. Labs were a cinch.
This class is interesting. On one hand, he is really funny (but doesn't really mean to be) , on the other he thinks that the class knows more about the topic than most of us really do. His tests are hard, but he does curve them. The first class average in my class was a 60% ...He gives you a study guide, but the tests wording is sometimes hard.
ONE OF THE BEST PROFESSORS AT USC!!! He makes the CONTENT EASY, FUN, INTERESTING and relates the content towards STUDENTS' MAJORS!!  You will learn a lot of interesting things and he REPEATS MANY THINGS TO MAKE YOU UNDERSTAND!! TESTS ARE EASY IF YOU STUDY and EVERYTHING IS STRAIGHT FORWARD!! GREAT CLASS AND HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS as an EASY GE#4!!!
I actually really loved this professor. Geology is not my major but he is very passionate about the topic and extremely funny. There is hardly any work, but the tests can be hard, but he always adds a curve and you can do well if you pay attention to his study sheets and maybe quickly review the book before an exam.
He's really passionate about the topic and even though lectures can get boring, he usually makes jokes and is entertaining. His study guides for exams are really helpful, they are tedious, but you can't fail the exams if you study them really well. Not much homework and the labs are easy and there was no final!
His lectures get kind of boring, but he's funny (reminds me of woody allen) and before tests I just scan the corresponding chapters and i've gotten and A-/B+ (and he curves at the end a lot is what I hear) also, the midterms aren't cumulative and there isn't a final, just a third midterm. Very, Very little amount of work!!!
Really boring, completely monotonous voice. Lectures, lectures more and never stops. Study guides hardly help on the test which ask extremely random questions. Avoid like the plague. Run from Oceanography like it's the Kraken.
very boring.... goes on in monotone! worst class ever! midterms and finals have nothing to do with class material
contrary to the other comment, he does give study guides now which make the exams very very easy. its a really cool class :) and the labs are also pretty easy.
LEctures are from Lund's but the class average was a 50% since his lectures or the book do not correlate with his exams. He asked why every1 did bad, every1 blamed his 'hard' exam that he gives without any study guide.
1277908	Charles	Sammis	10
Sammis is a fine GE teacher, he gets that no one cares about scientific inquiry. The class is super easy if you just show up and take pass fail. Don't take for a grade, but so easy to pass. He is also kinda funny and a cute old guy. 
He loves to prove his intellectual superiority to the students. He doesn't teach. He pontificates. He makes the tests as impossible as possible. His  jokes start to feel distasteful when he's forcing exams down your throat without any proper preparation. Enjoy learning NOTHING.
I respect this professor for his research. He is also nice, friendly, and funny.  But... His course is poorly designed and he is difficult to follow during lectures. It is not a great introduction to physics or geology.  It is most helpful to attend every lecture, lab, and take advantage of office hours. You will do fine if you take it passfail.
Professor Sammis is a funny, nice old man, but he knows his material really well and doesn't necessarily understand how to convey it to students who aren't familiar with it. You do not need to buy the textbooks, but if you plan to pass the class, you'll need to go to lab and lectures.
My pledge bro told me the class was a joke (Geol130), so I took it, but spring and fall are different teachers. TA's are great, but the boring material and droning voice of lecture discourage attendance and tests expect a level of application he doesn't teach well enough to produce. If you must take this class and have a pass/no pass... Maybe...
Nice guy but you definitely won't learn much. You'll do quizzes, extremely hard tests, and it will force you to spend 100% of your time studying. In the end you'll have a grade based on how many flashcards you made and beat into your brain. But in the end you'll have absolutely no idea what just happened. This isn't teaching, it's idiocracy.
he gives out attendance quiz in classes but you have to go to every classes anyways because tests are purely based on the lectures! tests are tricky and challenging. grade is based on a curve - not easy to get an A. i think about top 20% got As. Nest top 20 to 40% got Bs. The rest C D and Fs. recommend pass or fail!
Sammis is hands down the best lecturer i've had at usc.  Draws a lot of pictures on the board and makes it easy to understand.  Also a funny dude
Very funny and interesting professor. Class has a field trip, fairly painless. Tests are tricky and fairly challenging.
Funny funny professor and good guy. His tests are from the notes and lecture, you dont even need or read the book. His tests are really tricky though. I recommend pass/no pass if it is just a ge for you. He grades on a curve. Lab is mandatory and have quizzes every week, easy though.
1335974	Sarah	Feakins	10
She is terribly inconsistent with her grading. When you email her to ask for clarification on a grade, she gets personally offended and refuses to listen to students' concerns. 
Taking this class is a constant exercise in frustration. Her lectures are terribly unclear. She skips over important information on slides and never explains it. Her teaching style is awkward and she doesn't know how to answer questions in a way that clarifies material. Not helpful over email. She treats upperclassmen like they're dumb freshmen. 
This is the best GE3 to take! It's interesting, and not too challenging. If you love the ocean or the environment, this is the class for you!
THIS IS THE BEST GE. She is super helpful (if you take the time to ask) and wants you to learn. The definition of an introductory course, just wants an overall understanding, not in depth like bio/chem. Never took the seal off my book and I am rocking the class. Attendance not mandatory, but highly recommended, most test questions off lectures
Prof. Feakins is a wonderful professor. Do NOT let other comments sway you. I am not a student that tries hard at ALL on my GE's. She honestly loves to teach and her curves on her exams are VERY rewarding. If people do bad on the first exam, she gives everyone a high grade and makes the exams after easier. TAKE THIS CLASS
She is extremely nice and the class is easy if you pay attention. Can be boring but overall a good teacher.
I found the class to be exceptionally easy, but I understand why some of my classmates found it hard. She feeds a lot of irrelevant information (i.e. e-mails about topics that don't pertain to the class) and she's bad at explaining scientific concepts. I did well just because I've taken a few science courses before and am very good at cramming
God she is the worst. So boring, I was actually more interested when the substitute teacher taught a couple classes. Very Boring and very monotonous like the person said above. AVOID!
Most boring class in the world. Don't know why I went to lecture, lab was pointless and the TA didn't care if we got things right or not. Tests are multiple choice, which helps, but the material doesn't correspond to lecture/the book very well. I had no motivation to study or put any effort into the class.
Seems like a good teacher at the beginning but becomes really monotonous. She teaches directly from the powerpoint but her tests don't correspond to the things she teaches in class very well at all. Though she seems nice enough, when asked for help she can be extremely sarcastic. I'd say avoid this class, don't be fooled by the fact that its a GE
1715162	Julien	Emile-Geay	10
Provides unhelpful study guide Powerpoints are unclear 
I took his climate change class last spring. I learned much more about global warming, but the lectures are pretty boring. The class is not much work at all. There are only tests and blackboard responses that determine your grade. I took it passfail, so I did not put the most effort into the class. If you put effort in you will get an A.
Easy class. Terrible person. He lives up to the second part of his last name.
Pretty easy class but terrible human being. Went to him for help and he all but spat in my face.
Effective and enthusiastic teacher, learned a ton from him.  Very glad I took his climate change class.  No paper.
Really smart guy who explains things well without seeming preachy. Great GE class if you're at all interested in the environment.
Didn't go to a single lecture between midterm 1 and midterm 2 and got 100% on midterm 2.  Enough said.
He is one of the nicest professors you can find. You can tell he is really an expert on this and knows what he is talking about. Too bad students generally are not interested in this subject at all. However, despite that, he still understands students and give them an easy time on this subject. He is the best.
You don't have to go to lecture, study guide is provided for two midterms and final. Labs are basic and help you understand the basic concepts going on in lecture. Good GE for people not very science interested.
Julien's class is great. He's a really laid back lecturer and you can tell he loves the topics he teaches. He doesn't make the exams too difficult as long as you put in the work beforehand (taking notes in lectures and filling out the study guides). The exams are very straight forward 50 question multiple choice tests. The lab helps a lot too!
11321	Steven	Sample	10
:(
not very good at all.  overrated
Enjoys boasting that he teaches a &quot;course&quot; more than actually teaching. Lectures are more like Father Knows Best instruction. Criticism, like discourse, is disallowed. Students and TAs, especially, proudly fan his hyper-inflated ego. The only benefit of this class is the insight garnered from the guest speakers (and only some of them, at that).
would cut off the students' legs if he thought it would improve usc's ratings or raise some money...not a good thing for students in either case.
He's a cool dude. Ya gotta get to know him!
Worst president ever!
He is a great person!
The Dean that cares more about the students wallet than the student.
No Comments
No Comments
1784026	Trina	Gregory	10
She is enthusiastic and cares about her students. A very doable class. I would recommend this class.
This class is a guaranteed A and I'm actually inclined to say your time would be better spent with an iOS book. Nothing against Trina, she's actually hilarious and loves the sound of crickets more than anyone I've ever met I think. Unfortunately for her, this is just a class that doesn't need to be taught by a professor.
Professor Gregory is always happy and enthusiastic about the topic she teaches, not to mention she giggles at most of your poorly executed jokes during your presentations (which helps a lot when the rest of the class is silent). Overall a great 2 unit class, great professor, and very happy with my grade.
This course was a bit too much of a copy-and-paste affair for me. You practically didn't have to think, and she gave too much of a 'just take my word for it'  way of teaching that rubbed me the wrong way.  You'll learn a lot more from an iOS book or  online in a single weekend or two than this class. She's nice & generous w/ candy though
Even when taking account knowing a bit of iOS prior to taking the course, this professor's approach to this course was a bit too much of a copy-and-paste affair for me. You practically didn't have to think, and she gave too much of a 'just take my word for it'  way of teaching that rubbed me the wrong way. You'll learn a lot more online; trust me.
Her class is too 'cookie-cutter' to be useful towards being a good iOS programmer . The class is easy because she just gives you labs and homework that you merely have copy-and-paste things to pass. The whole class got a 90% on the exam for that sole reason. Not recommended. Not worth spending $5000+ to take her course than through an iOS book.
She's really enthusiastic and cares about the students learning. I've enjoyed each class I've taken from her and learned a lot. The classes are easy too.
such an easy but interesting class. step by step instructions on the labs, easy exams, and a great teacher
She is probably the sweetest professor i have ever had! i took her for fall and she would bring snacks according to what the topic was (example: learned loops so she brought fruit loops). Her exams are very simple and she always gives you all the materials you need to ace each exam. Show up for review sessions and you'll be getting A's.
She is very upbeat and willing to help. Do the labs and study what she tells you for the midterm and final and you will be fine
358799	Carol	Wise	10
Pretty straightforward like her other classes. Show up for class having read all the assigned chapters, she likes people who volunteers. Her midterms are pretty easy if you have been showing up and doing homework. Her study guides are pretty much the midterm and final
Genuinely cares about every student in the course. Incredibly knowledgeable about development. If you have the opportunity, sign up.
Professor Wise is extremely knowledgable, a very fun professor and a fair grader. Attendance is mandatory but if you come to class with something to say you will have no problems having fun and getting an A in this class. Take Professor Wise if you can!
2nd class with and honestly I love her. Period.
Professor Wise is off the charts brilliant, but her lectures do tend to jump around from topic to topic.  I think this is just because she knows so much about so many things.  Overall, she presented a very fair perspective on political economy, and inspired me to take further classes on the subject.  TAKE HER CLASS!
She is one of those Professors that you can tell is brilliant- you can find clips of her speaking on various news channels- but isn't really that great at teaching. She's just difficult to pay attention to and I found her a bit offputting. Banters with the class and if you mesh with her I guess that'll work, but she otherwise she's intimidating.
Very knowledgeable in the areas of latin trade.  Very helpful and lenient.
One of the best teachers I have ever had! This lady is awesome.  Her lectures are great, and she really likes to work with students who express an interest in learning.  If you just slack off, or are boring/dumb (or both) she'll give you a hard time.  I ca
One of the nicest professors. She'll help you and is very concerned about individual students. Take her class!!!
brilliant, this chick knows what she is talking about and wont waiste your time with 'IR speak' - straight the point
200144	Barry	Schein	10
Really frustrating as a professor. He's obviously very smart but he doesn't know how to teach. He rambles so much and is so difficult to understand. I made an effort for half a semester but eventually just couldn't do it. The class is also way too hard; I clawed my way to an okay grade only with the help of the (excellent) TAs.
He is a brilliant man with a kind heart but he has some trouble communicating what he knows to his students. The knowledge gap between what he knows and what we know was too large for him to bridge. Most of the students in my class had great difficulty understanding the material, and going to class each day was frustrating.
Seriously only went to this class for the first month or two and could not understand anything that was going on. Only reason I am passing this class is because I had a great TA. Really difficult to understand, does not use power points, rambles, and uses upper level terms that most students are not familiar with.
Extremely difficult to understand.  Teaches by giving examples and expects students to come up with the rules-- not great for an intro linguistics class.  Test questions are difficult to understand and really random, so there's no real way to prepare.  He's smart, but not a great fit for a beginning linguistics class.
Some people are being a bit harsh here. Yes, the Professor lectures as if the students already have a background in linguistics, but he tries to be helpful when you go to his office hours.This class can be frustrating and it's not easy.
NOT a strong professor. NOT good at lecturing linguistics and always maintains a negative or strange attitude towards students. Even said directly in class: &quot;a good exam is one where the average is less than a 60&quot;. This professor is not out to enrich the minds of his students and maintains a sense of high school teacher high headed-ness.
I loved this class. I love the way he teaches, he gives you all the examples and lets you think you came up with the solution yourself. It was one of the most fun classes I've ever taken. He is also extremely helpful outside class, his office door is always open, and he gives appointments generously.
Spare your sanity, don't take this class or him :(
Prof. Schein knows his stuff well, but he doesn't know how to teach it to beginning linguistics students. The class was unnecessarily hard; the homework make me want to bang my head against a wall. He tried to be helpful, but I hated the class. Avoid him, unless you're a masochistic grad student.
I dropped this class so fast... I thought linguistics would be interesting.  How wrong I was.
1254964	Iskandar	Mansour	10
Absolutely amazing teacher, the best I have had at usc. Not only is Iskandar really passionate about the language but he has a great sense of humor and makes the class fun. Homework is a huge part of participating and succeeding in the class but if you keep up your grade will be fine.
Iskandar is such a funny character....always had a smile on his face, the class was small and he was incredibly helpful. He is obviously passionate about teaching and likes to get to know his students.
My favorite class!! Arabic is a hard language to learn but he makes it easy.  He is very understanding and all he asks of his students is to try.
Greatest most dedicated professor ever. Extremely witty and always makes things interesting. Your effort defines the trajectory of your grade. End of story.
Arabic is a hard language to learn but he's an easy grader. As long as you try he'll give you a good grade. Hes super laid back.
Iskandar is fantastic! I adore him! He is a wonderful professor. He loves his job, cares about his students, has a terrific sense of humor, and he makes learning Arabic fun. He wants students to learn to language and love it, rather than obsess over grades. He is fair and is willing to work with you. One of the best professors I have had.
He is amazing! He's so fun and so relatable and he truly creates an atmosphere you want to be in. I learned so quickly and had so much fun in his class.
great professor. will not regret taking this class. incredibly helpful and grades you more on effort than actual work, understand when people do not show up to class and even cuts it short. but you still learn so much. i recommend him 100%.
Arabic could be the worst language to learn, but this guy is so much fun! His random tendencies are hilarious. He's really laid back, but we still manage to learn a lot and have fun at the same time. Fair grader, understanding.
This guy is hilarious! He makes learning Arabic (a potentially difficult language to learn) so fun and easy. Very laid back, very cool guy.
1406735	Carmen	Silva-Corvalan	10
We are more than thrilled to know that she is retiring, finally!!!  All her teaching "methods" were outdated and she had no enthusiasm to keep on going.  We need energetic and synergistic people.
Carmen means well but doesn't connect well with the students. After a couple of lectures you'll start to dread the class, because she has favorites, is very strict and uptight about trivial homework matters, and picks on certain people a lot. Tests were medium in difficulty, but covered a lot. She's mostly nice, but I wouldn't recommend this class.
I was not a fan of this class. The material could be interesting, but the way it is presented makes you hate the lectures. Carmen has favorites and will randomly call on people from the attendance list in class. It is easy, but the midterms get more and more vague, which is frustrating.
Boring boring class. Would've skipped every lecture except for random pop quizzes. Didn't touch book, discussion leaders give review sheets that will help you study for exams. Wouldn't advise if you're in it for the subject matter...but easy social issues class.
You would be hard pressed to find a professor more boring than her. The course was really easy, but I might rather bash my head against a wall for an hour and a half than sit in another one of her lectures. Take it if you want a pretty easy class, but be warned.
Incredibly easy but incredibly mind-numbing.
dont take this class.. boring
As everyone else has said, easy class but boring lectures. Don't even bother going as long as you know the handout material. Nice lady but hard to hear her if you do end up going to lecture...
the class is easy because all you really need are handouts from blackboard to do well but as a teacher she is very boring. shes old and hard to hear, and reads off lectures from blackboard so its pointless to be in class. but tests are super easy so id say its worth it
Her class is easy. She posts handouts on blackboard before class and most of the things on the tests are from the handouts. Her TA, Arunima, is very good! She is responsible because she makes her own question sheets to help us understand the material in lecture. If you want a good grade for GE6, you should take this class in to consideration.
171096	Nicolai	Haydn	10
Great professor for this course.  His office hours and lectures are very helpful.  His tests are fair and are based on the homework.  He prepared everyone for graduate exams very well.
His instruction is ok, but the course needs to use a different textbook. Since the text does not have enough explanation, he has to try filling in the holes from the text.  This makes it harder for students to understand him because a good text would help students understand his explanations.
Good professor. His lectures are clear and the text complements his lectures. His office hours are helpful. It helps to study past homework problems before exams.
Avoid at all costs! You can't understand him and students had to correct him several times during problems several times per class.
Probably a better prof for interested science/engineering/math majors rather than people who just want to get their mathematics course reqs over with. I had to work for my grade, but i learned tons in the process. :-)
Not just hard to understand, disorganized and does not teach the theory instead just attempts to solve problems extremly haphazardly.  Although my class average was close to failing, I still received a C due to the fact that the rest of the class was also failing. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
Hard grader, but this professor definately knows his stuff.
I attended in 1990-1993 and he was one of my professors. He was difficult and odor was a problem.
No Comments
No Comments
1904673	David	Rose	10
He is a classic professor. Most of his lectures are just a summary of the book in understandable language. If that type of class works for you, then he will be a great professor for you. Not much personality.
His test may be tricky, but if you practice the problems from the textbook, you will do well. He is a great teacher in that he is very clear, helpful, and he is really excited about what he teaches. MATH 226 was the last math class  I had to take in my life, and I am glad I Dr. Rose. He is also very casual, so don't be shy in approaching him. 
Lectures are abstract and confusing. Tests are super tough but at least the curve is fair. Concepts eventually come together (especially if you study outsidethe awful textbook) but most of the semester feels like a bunch of useless graphing and formulas. Sadly the easy part of the class is homework, so reviewing it was useless for the test.
The tests are tough and you need to know the material very well. Grading is harsh on the homework. He's very smart and a pretty good lecturer but this is the hardest class I've taken in either high school or college so far. 
Pretty difficult. Tests are hard. You need to know the material very well. He curves at a B which is nice. The homework is graded harshly. I can probably say that this is the hardest class I've taken in high school or college. I liked his lectures though. 
Great professor, admirably intelligent, explains concepts thoroughly but class is VERY difficult to excel in. 2 midterms (20% each), 1 final (40%), and homework (20%). Homework is graded harshly. Exams are very challenging-50% average. Need to know concepts and 3D geometry instead of just formulas. I love calc but I struggled in this class. 
Terrible teacher. Boring lecturer and presents material in a very confusing way. Once you learn the material yourself the homework problems are fairly easy, but the midterms are nothing like the problems, they are confusing and often cover concepts never mentioned in class. Avoid at all costs!
casual nice guy, accommodating, tough class
He is extremely casual. He comes to class in a t shirt and shorts. He tries really hard to get the points across but still presents things in ways that are more complicated than they should be. His exams are definitely harder than anything he goes over in class. What saves you is the curve. The average for the tests were around 50/60.
I've taken several courses from Professor Rose and they have all been great. He is young, extremely clear, and helpful. His classes are challenging but doable. The Math Department could use more teachers like him.
688186	Neal	Desby	10
If you want tohave to learn Orchestration but don't want to just memorize the textbook, Neal Desby is your guy. Yes, he tells stories, but his stories always relate to what he's teaching. Engaging, funny and helpful!
He was very knowledgeable about the material. He kept the class light. There wasnt a tone of work to do. Hes a very easygoing, funny guy. I recommend this teacher.
Fantastic teacher. Clearly communicates the subject matter and makes you care about the work you are doing. Very knowledgable, especially in orchestration and composition, the two fields of study I have been undertaking.  Great personality, which makes the time fly by. He has definitely inspired me to work harder at being a better musician.
He made me really uncomfortable in office hours. Not to be trusted.
These comments apply to both his theory and aural skills courses. The guy is incredible. 5 stars. He is hilarious, exciting, and very knowledgeable of course material and the music industry as a whole. He is an inspiration, great teacher, and passionate educator who cares about his students. I recommend him to anyone who wants an A+ experience.
If you think music theory is a waste of time, try Desby. Inspires you to love unfamiliar pieces. Huge variety of music studied (including non-Euro.) Most enlightening lecture on 2nd Viennese School I've ever had. His teaching is brilliant because he inspires you to WANT to learn about theory instead of just making you memorize stuff for no reason.
He is extremely intelligent, honest, funny, and cares about his students. He teaches at a good pace and explains the subject matter well. The class feel is casual and comfortable. He is also EXTREMELY inspiring!!!
Really funny professor. But doesn't communicate subject matter well and spends barely any class time to do so. Talk a lot about random stories and likes to go on and on about his life.
Waste of time.  Hilarious guy, and very knowledgeable.  Pity the hilariousness was the only thing to come through.  Would have liked slightly less humor and more rigor.
Neal is the best teacher I have ever had. He is funny, helpful and clear.
982800	Andrew	Garver	10
Garver is the best professor at USC.  If you have a passion for Music Tech, Garver is the MAN! He literally knows EVERYTHING. I brought him my personal mixes privately after every class and he was always happy to help. If you truly want to be an audio pro, he'll take you there. (BTW took 5 of his classes, Mastering and Mixing were my favorites). 
Great class.  My mixes are so much better.  Just do the work and pay attention to the details.  He goes off on the little mistakes so you don't make them when it matters.
He is blunt and rude, but sometimes in a funny way. Class material can be difficult to understand. Don't tune out! Pay attention and take good notes and you'll get an A. He gives out pop quizzes after each series of lectures. Midterm/final not hard at all.
Garver is one of the better professors in the music industry program. His tests are rather easy if you can memorize the information from his powerpoints and use a little bit of critical thinking. I got an A without much effort. Just studied for the tests the night before.
he's a really cool guy, but with type of subject matter, you'd think he could make it a little more interesting. even lab is a sleeper, though you'll regret it since class participation is 20% of grade!
Really cool professor and uses a lot of good comparisons to help you understand concepts. He's pretty entertaining too. Go to class if you want a decent grade and go to lab if you want an A. Labs definitely make everything way easier to understand.
Seems like he is a great engineer but lectures are not clear. He's trying to teach us that listening goes far in the music field, but if you are learning something for the first time, it takes a real professor to teach it to you and he isn't it, he's an engineer talking engineer lingo.  He has a very cool personality though.
Garver's classes are really tough, but you learn so much! Make sure you go to class and pay attention though, or you'll fall behind. If you're interested in anything technical, take his classes!
Garver is a really cool guy, and is really knowledgeable in the subject. The course isn't extremely hard, but its not easy; if you're interested in music industry you should be able to pass, no problem. I look forward to having Garver for other muin classes.
No Comments
1269616	Kate	Crowley	10
Easy A? Yeah, if you're an athlete or the annoying one in class that constantly comments or laughs at everything she says. Assignments and test answers are all super subjective so grades are based on whether she likes you or not. 
KATE IS BY FAR THE BEST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER HAD AT USC! SHE REALLY UNDERSTANDS YOU AND WANTS YOU TO DO WELL! HER LAUGH IS CONTAGIOUS AND SHE ALWAYS PUTS ME IN A BETTER MOOD! I REALLY ENJOYED TAKING HER CLASSES! COOLEST TEACHER EVER! SHE IS SO CUTE AND SWEET! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU TAKE ANY OF HER COURSES! FUN COURSE! I LEARNED A LOT! :D
Kate is the BEST! She understands students and notices when were feeling tired. She then brings us back by doing some fun streches or games. Class is absolutely Mandatory!!! However she makes it so fun that you'd never want to miss it. She is one of those amazing teachers that you want to be BFF's with. The test is exactly the study guide. Take her
Best class and teacher.  Very straight forward about what EXACTLY she will ask on the midterms.  Class is mandatory but kate makes it fun and you will want to be there. Stress free environment.
She is my favorite teacher at USC by far! Take any of her classes if you can, you will not regret it! She is great!
my favorite class I have taken at SC and she is my favorite teacher by far. Any of Kate Crowleys classes are a must take!
Kate's one of the best professors ever. I have a hard time talking and connecting with my professors, but she's so easy to approach and so, so friendly. :) I really don't know a single student who didn't like her or her classes.
she's great! you'll love her and the class.midterms are easy, just memorize the review answers
She's the kind of professor where you'll register for any class she teaches, regardless of what the subject actually is. I love her!
No Comments
683089	Andrei	Marmor	10
The book is very confusing, and I decided not to open it the entire semester.  Hopefully, you will get a helpful TA that explains and clarifies the lecture material.  As long as you have good lecture notes to study off of, you should be fine.  Got an A- without ever reading the textbook.   
Such a hard GE if you don't go to class. The book is so dense that going to class (and paying attention) is probably your best chance of getting a decent grade. Hope you get a good TA because they're the ones who grade everything and clarify the lectures for you. The topics were interesting but lectures can be difficult to pay attention to.
Not the most interesting class but it's not the worst.  It's only 1 hr and 15 min which is on the short side. Besides his accent, Marmor is pretty easy to understand.  He lectures at a good pace.  You have enough time to write down what he says.  The midterms are papers so if you start on them early you should get a good grade.
A rather intimidating teacher, his class was very dull and dry. He rarely asks questions to the class, and when he does he almost always disagrees with the answers given by students. He'll make you feel very stupid when you ask a question during lecture. He is a very methodical talker, and has very long pauses in between spoken phrases.
Marmor intimidated me a lot at first. In fact, I cried the first day of class (hasn't ever happened before, I swear). But he is a truly excellent lecturer, and his exam questions are structured in a way that guarantees a passing grade as long as you attend class and really listen to what he says. I got an A without doing any of the reading at all.
He is AWFUL...there is absolutely no point in going to his lectures.  As long as you do the readings and attend discussion, you will be able to get a passing grade in the class...
...Yeah okay...seriously don't take this class..at least not with him. I mean he is a funny guy...but everything that comes out of his mouth that pertains to moral issues and philosophy is confusing! He asks people questions, and when they answer he shuns them out. His tests are stupid! Our Midterm was 4 questions.....out of 8 chapters.
He was awful.  If you want to be a happy person, don't take this class.   Word to your mother.
No Comments
He is not very understandable and does not compromise
14898	Jonathan	Aronson	10
Aronson is a very hands-off, laid back instructor. He does not use pwrpt, uses reading only sparingly, and teaches classes in a very philosophical manner.  They're interesting and stimulate independent thought and opinion.  If you're a moron and need a teacher to coddle you, don't take him, otherwise, I'd highly recommend him.
Interesting professor.  Taught me more about life in general than the actual material of the class.
interesting guy
No Comments
No Comments
IR
Had him twice, found his teaching style to be unique -he just tells you how things work in plain English.  I think I've used more of what I learned in his classes than most of the more theory-driven drivel.
Missed two weeks of class, like I hadn't left at all
useful course
Stay away from him! If you must take him, then anticipate studdering!
596275	Rand	Wilcox	10
This is a REALLY good professor. Very patient, very clear. The class was REALLY REALLY easy. ALL exams and quizzes were OPEN BOOK OPEN NOTES OPEN COMPUTER (which means open internet, but you don't even need the internet). As long as you read the book, study for the assignment questions (not required), you'll be fine! I got more than 100%, A!
Easy class, test are open book, open note, open laptop. If you don't get an A in this class it's because you were lazy. He's really chill and is always trying to find ways to make things clear. I recommend this professor.
Professor Wilcox was a really nice person. Tests were hard but open book/open note. The textbook was very cheap. He and his TA were both laid-back and did not require attendance for lecture or lab. There were no extra credits, which would have been great.
First of all he is a really good person and a really good professor. However, his handwriting is pretty bad. Always willing to work with you and spend extra time to clarify and describe material over and over. His tests are really fair and his quizzes help to prepare you for the tests. People complain about him but I really liked the class.
If you want to teach yourself statistics, take this class. Wilcox is a sweet old man but writes ilegibly and sprints through the material. The three tests are 1/3 of your grade and are open note and open book but they are so so hard. take another teacher. this class is so hard no matter how hard you study
He does not have an organized teaching method and rambles on during lectures. All tests and quizzes are open note and open book and I still struggled. He is that confusing. Nice guy, confusing material and teacher.
A very good teacher. He teach in a very clear way and he is always willing to help. There is a make-up quiz system so you always get 2nd chance. Has a messy handwriting but it's not that bad.
Covers material well, but has horrible handwriting so it can be confusing following his lecture without your book handy.  *Very* helpful outside of class.  Clear course expectations and format.  All in all, an excellent teacher.
took as summer class so it was a bit easier - not easy, but took his time to help.
Somewhat difficult class because the concepts are somewhat difficult, but he had a tendency to drive on points about current methods that aren't commonly used, instead of making it a bit more practical for what we all usually do.
1448190	Wendy	Wood	10
WORST PROFESSOR I HAD AT USC!!  Not only does she lack a firm grasp on her own material, but when asked questions outside her realm of quasi-expertise, she drastically  mischaracterizes or worse.  She was involved in some important research, but is simply not an intelligent person. Easy but unreasonabl Behind her veil of kindness is an insincere B-
Social Psych with Prof. Wood can be boring at times, but overall isn't a bad class to take. The material is interesting and she explains it well, but her tests are somewhat difficult (long questions, long answer choices). Easy paper. You can make an A, just study a little harder than you normally would.
The subject is interesting but Prof. Wood takes her lectures completely from the text so it's kind of redundant. You can seriously just read the textbook and you'll be good.
EASY class! The tests are entirely off of lectures. She lectures straight from the book so you don't have to read it. Very interactive class:  asks for students responses to questions, encourages asking questions, and is always willing to help people understand a concept. She also has videos & power points to help you understand concepts.
Wendy and her TA are super helpful and really supportive. If you are interested in the subject, the class will also be interesting for the most part. (Although I suggest doing the readings after lectures or you may be a bit bored, because a lot of the material is from the text) The midterms and final are pretty easy.
soo boring! but moreso because the material is just really straightforward so i feel like i learn nothing. so if you actually like social psyc you might like the class, although she is kindof annoying and the ta crazily checks for facebook users. its also insanely easy. otherwise id advise against taking this class
As stated before, her and the TA really want you to do well so they try to make everything simple. Sometimes lectures get really boring, and her laugh is annoying from time to time, but she's a good teacher and the material is interesting. Definitely a good class to take, and the tests are graded fairly (if you study). Textbook REQUIRED.
boring, uninteresting topic, arrogant, confusing test
I don't know what the person below me found wrong with her/the class but Wood and her TA Labrecque were great this semester. They WANT you to do well and try to be fair. Tests are a bit ambiguous but you end up doing fine. Lectures are straight-forward and sometimes a little boring but what isn't these days&#63; Information is interesting regardless!
Boring class. TAs only  care ripping off points from you.
374003	Roberto	Lint Sagarena	10
This class is great for everybody. Definately an easy A if you go to class. Roberto is super personable and you hate to miss class because he is such a great guy. He makes what could be boring incrediblty interesting. He tells you exactly what he will test you on. Absolutely no tricks.
Professor Lint is AMAZINGGGG! He's really fun and easy to talk to and extremely personable.  His lectures and readings are really interesting and he tries to make the dry material as fun as possible.  He's definitely one of those professors that seem more like your mentor than an instructor.  I recommend this class to all of my friends!
The only thing I didn't enjoy about this class was that it was too large -- I feel like Prof Lint-Sagarena would be more effective at teaching smaller groups, and students would get more out of his lectures.  He is a very personable and approachable person, which I found to be unusual among the faculty at USC.
professor lint is the greates teacher ever, hes funny and keeps class interesting... only downside is that i had him for arts and letters so there was a LOT of reading
I have to say... Lint is the hottest piece of ass at USC! Aside from being the coolest professor, the class was great. I learned a lot about the different religions in Latin America. Highly recommend this class.
Best professor I've had at USC!  So helpful and friendly, and I actually remember most of what we learned (which was a LOT).  He's definitely student-centered, which is a nice change from other profs at SC who care more about their research and can't be bo
Roberto is very dedicated to his students and the courses he teaches. I had him for two classes, Religions of Latin America and How El Norte Became Part of the Southwest. I highly recommend him.
No Comments
He is definitely the hottest professor I have ever had.  I want to marry him and have his elf babies.   Other that that, he is extremely helpful and is always willing to talk to you if you're having problems. I have also never felt the urge to fall asleep in his class (just to sleep with him). HOTT!
great class.
1466574	James	McHugh	10
Fine GE but not very interesting. Lecture is very hard to pay attention in because it is not engaging at all. Handouts and readings are all you need to do fine on midterm/final. TAs graded very differently.
Very easygoing professor, very knowledgeable and interested in the material. As long as you at least skim the reading and participate, you will do well. Attendance is highly recommended.
McHugh does a great job exposing students to a variety of hot-topic religions (Scientology, Mormonism, Islam), and allowing students to engage in discussion to better understand different perspectives on religion, why it exists, etc. A very informative class, with minimal work and stress. Highly recommend!
Caveat: I took this class to meet a state ethical requirement for accountants to sit for the CPA exam. (No interest whatsoever beforehand).  This turned out to be the best class! McHugh is an amazing professor who is truly there to help his students and in turn learn from his students. Great open discussion class with small assignments! RECOMMENDED
I HIGHLY recommend this class....McHugh is the best and is passionate about what he teaches. He's super laid back and tries to make the subject as interesting as possible....take this class or any of his others for sure.
VERY easygoing class. McHugh is very passionate about what he teaches, but understands that not everyone else is, so he's lax about readings and analysis. Discussion is pointless, but an effortless A if you attend. This course may easily be the perfect example of how a GE class ought to be. Take what you can out of it!
Great professor, TAs are amazing. Makes everything easy to understand, super easy grader, a good slack class that still is interesting.
McHugh is super relaxed, really knows what he's talking about but makes everything extremely simple for anyone that doesn't know about the "Sense and Sensuality" of any Sanskrit literature. Super easy grading and lecture is optional. Prepares you well for midterm
I love Professor McHugh. He's so nice and approachable. His english accent is a plus, but his interest in the material and his ability to explain it all has made Sense & Sensuality a fun class.
McHugh is the BEST. I wasn't interested at all in the subject matter, &quot;Sense and Sensuality in Eastern Asia&quot; but I really learned a lot, and enjoyed every bit of it. He's really cool, a very fair grader and works hard to make the class great. DEFINITELY take him for ARLT100!! It's the best GE I took
1088654	Tyan	Parker Dominguez	10
Tyan is a fantastic teacher.  If you really want to learn Human Behavior, she will be a great asset for you.  The grading can be tough, but not unjust (average for most papers and exams in her class was 85).  You will learn in this class and will appreciate her in the end.
She has  a lot of good  information however you will not do very well in her class unless you write what she said. She seems to not like the interpretations of her students.
Tyan is is passionate and knowledgeable about human behavior. Like others have said, she is unnecessarily punitive and critical, she does not facilitate good class discussion. The only thing worth talking about in her class are her opinions.
the school of social work has some amazing professors...but she is not one of them!!
I will probably never take this professor again.  She made the material unnecessarily difficult and is a control freak.  Don't try to come up with your own opinions in your papers, just agree with hers and you will get an A.  She is very smart and has good lecture notes, but not worth the ride.
She is very knowledgeable about this subject--Human Behavior.  She is a very tough grader.  If you get a B in her class it might be like getting an A+ in another prof's class.  At first, her lecture still is a little annoying.  Overall, you WILL learn with this teacher!
DO NOT TAKE HER!!!! PLEASE AVOID!!
AVOID AVOID AVOID FOR THE LOVE OF GOD. Unnecessarily difficult compared to other HBSE profs. Great person but power-trippy prof.  Take Schott instead!
Awesome Teacher!!! She is very dedicated and helpful although she can be a tough grader. She gives you everything you need to succeed in her class though and is worth the price of tuition :)
She is a tough grader. But she really provides the class with great lecture notes and resources.  Did I mention she is a tough grader on paper. Proof read. I really learned so much from her.
1139691	Leigh	Miller	10
One of the best professor at USC. She made class interesting. She gave a lot of real life examples. Very caring, will go extra miles just so the student understands what she meant. Very engaging. Grading is fair. If you work hard, she will definitely help you. Took two classes with her and totally love both of them. Never in a second I felt asleep
Professor Miller was extremely approachable, made information very clear and went out of her way to offer extra help or clarification. Professor is very caring, encouraging, enthusiatic, inspiring, and intuitive. BEST professor I've had at USC.
Great!! She's very helpful, patient, approachable, informative, caring & considerate. Will take the time to elaborate, explain, & provide support where needed. Has dvocated for her students. She is also hilarious.
Shes a good professor, but picks favorites in her class that she calls on during discussion which can be frustrating. Her grading is also not as easy compared to other behavior professors.
Miller is hilarious and keeps the class interesting, although she does sporadically go off on a tangent. I definitely recommend taking her if you can.
TAKE HER! Hands down one of the best professors at USC. Very strength based and supportive. Insightful and considerate. Yes her class goes off topic sometimes, but it's worth it. Grading is pretty fair and if you have problems she will work with you. TAKE HER if you can!
I'm not a huge fan of HBSE, but Miller is a good professor. The class got off topic sometimes and she let's it run it's course. She's a fair grader and very understanding. I would try to take her if you can get into her section.
THE BEST! LOVE HER TEACHING STYLE... FAIR GRADER. MAKES AN 8AM CLASS GREAT. SHARES LIFE EXP WHICH HELPS W/UNDERSTANDING COURSE MATERIAL. REALLY WANTS HER STUDENTS TO SUCCEED AND LEARN. GIVES YOU ALL THE TOOLS YOU NEED UNLIKE OTHER PROF. MY FAV FIRST YEAR PROF. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND.
Prof. Miller is great! She really believes in helping each student and wants her students to do well. She provides all the notes/powerpoints for us and gave us everything we needed for the midterm. Oh, and her lectures are really engaging and fun!
great professor! tries to engage students as much as she can, energetic, and fair grader. she will definetly keep you awake at 8 a.m.! she can get tangential at times but that's only because she wants to address everyone's comments in the class.
1682738	Anne	Blair	10
How Professor Blair is still teaching for USC is beyond me. The class was a joke. I expect to cover the course material and be engaged. We spent 2 out of 15 sessions covering APA format. We are in grad school, if you don't know APA do what the rest of us do and Google it. I feel like I learned nothing in her class and was terrified moving into 505.
I felt like I didn't learn anything in this class because Anne Blair spent the entire class period talking about things unrelated to the topic. She once spent 20 minutes showing us how to print power points. (Really?) She came around somewhat after I pointed out that I was having a tough time. You will struggle if you've never taken psych classes.
Horrible grader, not easy, does not offer much assistance.
Disorganized, consistently contradictory, tells you one week what you can discuss in assignments then takes points off for doing so.  States if grumpy it will affect your grade.
I was warned not to take Anne Blair. I was told that she was disorganized and unprofessional and boy that was an understatement. Anne has never worked in any position for more than a few years because she either gets asked to leave or doesn't get her contract renewed. I can see why.
The worst instructor I've ever had, hands down. She approach seemed so lazy. When I took her, she spent 90% of class time talking about her personal issues instead of teaching the class or leading discussion. In our class, she was obviously not prepared to discuss the videos or readings and would just nod at what other people said.
Blair is not comfortable with technology so be patient with her. Warning: Don’t type in anything in the message box with this professor. She flips her lid if you do even though that’s there for students to offer insight to the class during discussion. If yet knocked offline during class, it's like it ruins her day and she rants and rants about it.
She's a great professor with a fabulous personality! I enjoyed going to class. She's very helpful. Tough grader and the midterm is a real killer!
The best professor! Love her wonderful energy and teaching style =)
She is a cheerful professor who truly cares about her students. I send her my papers a head of time and she will review them for me before I officially turn them in. She always answers questions and is a delight. I have taken her every chance Ive been given =-)
1741635	Stacy	Kratz	10
Professor Kratz is interesting and passionate about the subject matter. She made class a pleasure and piqued my interest in policy.
Professor Kratz is amazing! I am almost done with this course and have become very interested in social policy, thanks to Professor Kratz. She is passionate about social policy and it definitely shows.  She is very helpful and will actually respond back to your emails.  Professor Kratz did a wonderful job keeping her students engaged!
Kratz is full of passion.  She loves what she does and it makes the class more interesting.  She does engage everyone to participate and will call you randomly so be ready! She always has a bubbling personality and a smile during lectures.  I enjoyed her class. 
Professor Kratz engages her students and makes a boring class interesting. I had very low interest going into the class, but her lectures and class content was instrumental in defining the importance and relevance of macro and policy work in every aspect of SW. She has a strict attendance policy and will not record lectures for absent students.
Kratz was the best professor I have had thus far. She is very passionate about what she does and goes above and beyond for her students. She loves them all. her class is fun, exciting, very thorough, and you can feel the bond within the entire class. I wish I had her again but I'm done with my policy classes. Great professor though!
Enthusiasm, passion and professional knowledge make Professor one of the best in her field! Outstanding professor, if you have the chance take her classes!
Stacy Kratz is an Amazing professor. She is enthusiastic and makes learning fun! Take her! She is awesome!
Professor Katz is fun and engaging.  She's interested in her students and makes an effort to help them succeed, in class and in future careers.
highly enthusiastic and compassionate.  made policy interesting!
Stacy Kratz is so passionate about social work policy! She knows how to keep students engaged, makes sure they keep up with reading through group work, and is available at any time of the day to answer questions. She is helpful, thoughtful, and funny. I would recommend you take her class any day!
902243	Tim	Biblarz	10
Grateful to luck into this professor for required statistics. He does a lot of "flipped" classes where we listen to some lectures on video and do all of our homework assignments in class workshops with TAs around to help.
Just finished the class. great lecturer. work load totally reasonable - one article per class session and the class only meets two times a week. Holds office hours in coffee shop!
Accessible and easy to reach, very easygoing demeanor, cares about his students. Would recommend! Great GE
Professor Biblarz is the best professor I have ever had at USC. He is brilliant, makes the subject material interesting, and has a gift of relating to college kids. If you ever have the opportunity to take him, it will be the best decision of your entire USC career. Fantastic professor and an even better person!
I guess he's nice enough.. But his lectures are just random and there's SO MUCH reading. He assigns readings over spring break and assigned like 100+ pages of reading Easter weekend! I really hope the rest of the GE's aren't like this :( I def don't recommend this one!!!!!!!
I agree with everything the previous poster stated regarding this class. Especially in reference to the TA's being rude and unhelpful as well as the dichotomy of Tim being an enthusiastic lecturer/its content not holding relevancy on the exams. Very disappointed. Biblarz's veneer of being a good guy is becoming transparently false. Not recommended.
The TAs we had were rude and useless, and a lot depended on them. He's an enthusiastic lecturer but his lectures aren't too relevant to the exam. The cheat sheet sounds nice until you realize you need to cram enough info for 3 mini research papers off of a page you spend hours cramming a lot of articles on, from which you will use maybe 3 or 4.
His test is very easy. My class asked him to bring cheat sheet for the test and he agreed. Definitely take his class.
The material discussed in the class was actually interesting and useful for the future, but most people just rode it off as another 'GE' to take. There wasn't much incentive to attend lecture, also. Great teacher, but no one took the class seriously.
I kept falling asleep during his class...
1606452	Daniel	Lainer-Vos	10
Dan was a great teacher. The material - particularly at the beginning - is pretty abstract and not easy to comprehend. But, there are only two papers (not difficult) and you will get all of the help you need if you attend office hours. There is a fair amount of weekly reading, keep up with it so that you don't leave quiz points on the table.
Dan's lectures are longboring. His accent makes things funny yet very unclear.  He has great energy, keeps attendance,  passionate and tries to engage students. 1 midterm and final. Both take home. Needs to attend discussion sessions to get a fair grade. I would recommend this class, easy A if you attend and read. + Nick is the best TA. Easy GE.
He was a great professor. Very helpful and he try to make the course easy and fun. The first part of the course was kind of boring but as it gets to the applications, it gets interesting. The readings can be hard to handle at times, but if you tried, it shouldn't be a problem. I've grown to like sociology.
go to office hours before papers are due and you will be set
HORRIBLE professor.  Class was graded WAY harder than it should have been for a GE.  He's completely useless during office hours, and told me he couldn't help me edit my essay because he didn't know how to read English... Most boring lectures I have had to sit through, and attendance is mandatory.  AVOID.
Super good teacher and very interesting
Pretty easy class considering that you're only graded based on 4 blog entries, take home final and take home mid-term. Pay attention in class and you'll be good. Interesting insights from the articles but can get kind of boring because class is basically going through powerpoint slides.
Professor made the topic very interesting.  He's a deeply intellectual guy who can relate to students or at least students who can pay attention.  kind of a lot of work, but nothing out of the ordinary--recommend it.
Professor is really nice. Not too demanding. Assigns a fair amount of reading each week. Offered take-home midterm and in-class final. Considering it's a sociology class, it's in your best interest to keep up with lecture and readings, in order to stay on par with the &quot;subjective&quot; material. Can be really boring and repetitive, but  tolerable imo.
most boring lectures i have ever sat through in my life and i can put my life savings on that. very slow speaker and monotone and i dread attending his classes every monday and wednesday. the class is far too long and he does not know how to keep the class awake OR entertained.
1168906	Roberto	Diaz	10
Really funny, engaging professor!! Despite having to buy and read 14 different novellas for this class, I really enjoyed going over each of the books because Professor Díaz made the class so engaging. Read texts that I wouldn't have normally read, which is nice too. Very helpful, very kind, very knowledgeable.  Highly recommend him and his classes.
Great teacher! His lectures always keep me engaged, however, don't take this class unless you're into the content. One midterm, one final (both are in-class essays), three papers, and a couple books to read. You watch operas a lot in class so if you miss a day you can catch up on your own. Do good on papers and you'll be fine.
Third class with Mr. Diaz and he is just amazing. He is funny and has many creative ideas. He is also very understandable.
funny and pretty easy. reading not completely necessary... never needed extra help from the professor. TAs might be a little tougher than Diaz
professor was very nice, ta's relatively helpful but hard grader, overall class goal is unclear, reading/ideology is complicated, spanish speakers have an advantage
Very ineresting class, the professor is very intlligent and funny. The professor is nice, and is relatively generous in grading. The class is not very difficult, (only two papers, one midterm and final, no term papers/quizes or other homework) though the material can be difficult at times, going to his office hours really helps.
Prof Diaz is amazing! I love him! Although his lectures might be a little disjointed, he is very clever and &quot;with it.&quot; Seeing him during his office hours is also very helpful because the TA's do tend to be tough (and don't all speak english as a first language...frustrating at times).
Professor Diaz is a really nice guy. He's very passionate about what he teaches. However I think he is a much easier grader than his TA's are. They r really tough. Didn't like my TA she was full of herself and graded like were were supposed to be masters of literary analysis. dont take this class. its boring and not an easy class. im getting a B..
his lectures are basically rants on authors. not very structured (though there are powerpoints, which by themselves are of no use on the exams) but he is funny and very enthusiastic. the TAs are pretty rough. tough graders.
No Comments
1525805	Sarah	Portnoy	10
Portnoy is definitely the best Spanish 3 professor! She is friendly & very helpful. She will gladly stay after class to look over important assignments and is especially nice if she knows you put a lot of effort into the class. There's also a fun field trip so that's a plus! Textbook & online code are expensive but necessary for all 220 classes.
Portnoy is definitely the best Spanish 3 professor! She is friendly & very helpful. She will gladly stay after class to look over important assignments  compositions and is especially nice if she knows you put a lot of effort into the class. There's also  fun field trip so that's a plus! Txtbk & online code are expensive but necessary for all 220s
I've taken 12 years of BAD Spanish classes until I took 220 with Sarah. She made the class feel very casual and easy. I never felt overwhelmed with the work, and she was careful to make us feel that nothing about the class had to be stressful. Great teacher. I feel very lucky to have gotten her!
Overall a pretty easy teacher and super nice. The tests are kind of hard, but the the blackboard homework is a huge chunk of your grade and you can resubmit a few times, so its easy but time consuming. Went in without having taken spanish for 4 years and got an A.
She's super sweet and helpful. Yes she can talk a little... a lot too fast lol.  But if you just sit there and look confused she gladly clarifies. Shes friendly unlike my previous  high school teachers I really enjoyed class. Minus the online work and oral exams.
Very knowledgeable about the subject. Brought interesting guests and had cool field trips. The reading is very important to her but gets really repetitive. Her grading feels subjective; unfortunately it seems it's easier to get an A by parroting her opinions (and she can forget what her initial opinion was). Overall a pretty cool class though.
Very knowledgeable about the subject. Brought interesting guests and had cool field trips. The reading is very important to her but gets really repetitive. Her grading feels subjective; unfortunately it seems it's easier to get an A by parroting her opinions (or she forgets what her initial opinion was). Overall a pretty cool class.
Very nice professor who I really enjoyed taking. That said, she is a hard grader. She's very fair about it but expects a lot from her students.
Sweetest teacher! she is extremely helpful and wants every student to succeed. The class is rather tedious because of all the workbook exercises, but it is the same in all spanish three classes. If you are on a boarder line grade she will definitely do all she can to help you out.
I took both 265 & 266 with Dr. Portnoy and I liked her. She brings in interesting readings for a class that has some fairly random topics. I wouldn't call her a particularly difficult teacher, though you may have to fight a little to talk if you are quiet.
1788016	Lori	Mesrobian	10
If you actually want to learn spanish this is the professor for you. If you want an A,  don't want to put effort into this class, or don't want a teacher whos a hardass ABSOLUTELY STAY AWAY
Señora Mesrobian is the best! She is always accessible and eager to answer any questions you may have, and is always encouraging to students as they learn Spanish - she helps you learn from mistakes, and never punishes you for them. Friendly, smily, and caring, she has definitely been my favorite professor here
She is amazing! I was terrified to take Spanish; however, she actually made it a good experience. She is super nice and helpful. She cares about her students and whether or not we learn. She is animated and funny, which makes it easier to understand what's going on. She's by far the best Spanish prof I've ever had. Cannot recommend her enough. A+
Harder class than a lot of other professors, but if you want to really learn Spanish, Dr. Mesrobian is the best there is. Very helpful and clear, and her class is more beneficial than others'.
One of the Best Professors I had at USC.  I really enjoyed her course.  She is always accessible to her students and really cares about her students.  She wants you to succeed in her course and gives you plenty of handouts to help you succeed. She is always willing to help and is just a really sweet professor overall.
Excellent professor. She was so nice and friendly, but also on top of her game and a "no-BS" teaching style. Grades were always up within a few days, if not hours! Her worksheets are the BEST. If I wasn't a senior, I'd want to take another class with her - one of my favorite classes in my time at USC!
Lori is SUCH a great professor for this course. She is so sweet and always helpful whenever you need it. Hands out a lot of activities that help prepare for the exams and final.
Lori Mesrobian is the hands down best spanish teacher i have ever had. She teaches with enthusiasm and creates a passion for the language in her students. You leave 220 with a huge jump in your Spanish skills from when you began. Make sure you stay on top of your work though and do as she reccommends if you want to make the most of the class.
Awesome professor. She is always available to answer questions and responds to emails quickly. She is extremely clear about the material and provides lots of practice worksheets.
Very fun and helpful. Passionate about Spanish and relates well to the students. Awesome professor!!
437380	Lara	Zane	10
If you connect with Zane & her approach, she's great. If you don't, class is confusing, frustrating, and you learn very little. Zane doesn't give direction or feedback other than &quot;do your HW&quot; and expects you to self-evaluate without any input from her. Not what I expected, wouldn't take from her again.
Zane is wonderful. She expects you to do your work, which creates a class environment where everyone is prepared and ready to work. Some people find her intimidating, but she pushes you because she knows that you can go that extra mile, and does not hold a grudge against anyone. If you want someone to tell it to you like it is, go to Zane.
Her classes are not about you, they are about her. Her need to be a guru is as blatant as it is sad. Good luck.
Great acting coach.
She is a hard teacher, but in all of the best ways.  She has high goals and can be intimidating, but she is also incredibly supportive.  I leave every class feeling energized and inspired about theater and life.  She has a positive attitude and she really cares about each student.  An amazing class.
She was a guide for a part that was WAY over my head. She created an envirenment where I could succeed.
Zane has her favorites.  She also has her own theories on acting.  God help you if you do not fit into either of those catagories.  Also check out an interesting movie: LIVE NUDE GIRLS
Wow!  She recommended the Power of Now by Eckhart Tolle.
Like a shark. A very good teacher but can be pretty scary and intimidating.
For All sophmore BFA's and Senior B.A.'s throw out the B.S. when you come to an acting course of hers. Bring an open mind and a lot of patience. The concepts are not difficult to comprehend, but maybe hard to execute. Good w/ one-on-one exchange w/student
702694	John	Rechy	10
Best courses I've had in college
I didn't learn only about literature but about philosophy and art in general, film, painting, a wide range of wonderful subjects and learning--and, even, inspired to look your best.  One of the best courses I've ever taken anywhere.
I learned more in one year (I took both his lit and the film courses) in these classes than I did in two years of college. Both are classes like no others I know of.  You read great literature, see great films, and you learn more about writing than you thought there was to learn.  Being one of the best writers, he knows what he's talking about.
Terrific learning experience.
You'll never have a teacher like him again--smart, fab writer, witty, & demands your best. you'll learn more about writing from him than from anyone else, great critic
Best teacher I ever had.  You learn alot & you're never bored.  Makes himself available to students at all times.  Great course.
by semester's end you'll be a much better writer. best writing class ever. a teacher who is also a working excellent writer and looks great.
Best class I've ever had; you learn about everything, not just writing--and he is hot.
although his personal style takes some getting used to, he gives brilliant critique and leads by example ... imagine a writing teacher who actually still writes ... now that's a refreshing change!
Would be one of the best classes I've ever taken ... if he didn't act like a pompous horse's a** constantly
1157889	Daniel	Ravanshenas	10
glad to have worked w/him for one semester.hes a good tutor.
Really good for psych papers.
He's helped me tremendously.  If you need sharp and sincere criticism on your writing, go to him.
a gentleman and a scholar
If you ever get the chance, definitely request as a consultant.  Helped improve my papers tremendously.  I started with C papers and my last paper I got an A-.  You will not regret the 30 minutes.
looove him
Really helpful
He rocks.  Smart guy willing to help and take his time.  He should teach classes at 'SC.  Funny too.
I just finished with a session with him and was very informative.  Very patient guy, he wont pressure u into getting the answer quickly.  he's the man
Sooo helpful, if u ever go to the writing office he will make sure that u leave with something to work on.  I see him as much as i can.  educated and cute...pheew what a combo.
1524435	Ben	Pack	10
I took the pre-health class, which I believe he shouldn't have taught. He's a screenplay writer. I had to change my writing style because of him, he's big on grammar and cutting "clutter." He doesn't grade papers in anticipation for content, but grades the minutiae. I went to office hours, emailed lots and still not the grade I aimed for.
He's a decent teacher but I didn't find him  particularly useful. I did all the corrections he gave me on each paper for the next and even went in to office hours several times and he always seemed to just grade arbitrarily. I'd just take someone else if I had the chance.
Ben is an amazing professor. He's super helpful and engaging. I would bug him outside of class all the time for feedback and he was always willing to meet with me. He's the  youngest professor I've ever had and it makes him really relatable and easy to talk to. He really wants you to be a better writer and I definitely improved. Fairhardish grader
You will be a much better writer by the end of this class.
Seriously an amazing writing 140 teacher. He is definitely not super easy, but he is extremely fair. If you work hard and continuously try to improve, you should have no problem doing well in his class. He is so friendly, helpful, and always willing to sit down and talk with you. One of the highlights of my year! Couldn't recommend him more!
Best WRIT 140 prof you can take, hands down. Hard grader, but that's the same for all of them. Gives super helpful advice, always accommodating through office hours and email. Helps you improve a ton in terms of writing!!
I'm really impressed with the quality of Ben's teaching. He's friendly and obviously knowledgeable. He's always willing to help with essays and talk over ideas and truly takes anything that students say to heart. Great teacher. Highly recommend.
Considering it's a mandatory class, Ben makes it really enjoyable by teaching different writing techniques each class and always having peer review sessions. He's really helpful, warm, funny and outgoing. Kind of silly sometimes, but it makes class fun. He's very knowledgeable and a good writer. And he's super cute!
Ben is a great writing professor. He actually sparked my interest in writing - i used to hate it. he is always available to email or meet with for any questions on your paper. He does grade pretty hard though. i don't think anyone got an A and only like two A-'s in the class.
Ben is a very nice and helpful guy.  He teaches you how to write effectively and your writing skills will certainly improve.  The class is quite difficult (as are all WRIT 140 classes), but if you go to office hours, he will give you some good feedback to improve your essays.  A fair grader, and he is able to keep the attention of his students.
1849628	Jessica	Cantiello	10
I took the Education and Intellectual Development WRIT 150 course with Jessica. Personality wise, I think she's a great professor - super supportive and easy to talk to. However, if you're looking for an easy A, don't take her class. She really makes you work for it, but in my case, no matter what I did, I got the same grade on all my papers.
WRIT 150 is difficult no matter who you take it with. However, Jessica makes it fun, interesting, and less intimidating. She's so helpful and always makes time to meet outside of class. Her approach is nicely catered to freshmen because she's caring but also expects a lot from you. Highly recommend! 
Jessica was one of my favorite professors in a class that I hated. Writ 140 was miserable and required a ton of work to get through by Jessica was extremely helpful in guiding me through. She's extremely approachable. Of course we all started with C's with our first assignments but I eventually was able to get an A- in the class thanks to her help.
Jessica is friendly but her prompts are so dull. In comparison to other 340 classes she assigns a lot more ancillary work that really distracts from you working on the main assignments. Her comments are also very broad and not helpful. No matter how hard or how little I worked on an assignment in this class I was going to get a B on it.
Wiriting 140 sucks at USC no matter who the teacher is. Jessica is an incredible professor and makes such an effort to help her students improve their writing. So glad I had her as a professor
She is awesome! Helpful, engaging, all around great teacher! Highly recommend.
Incredibly nice and helpful. Will do anything you ask her to do to help you with the class. Tough grader but great teacher.
Incredibly nice and helpful. Helps you improve as a writer. Does anything you ask her to do to help you with the class. Tough grader but great teacher
Professor Cantiello is extremely helpful! I took a summer class with her, and she helped me improve my writing skills dramatically! The book she used was current, but she didn't rely on it. She uses relatable examples, and provides guidance in her lectures. I really enjoyed it; it was never boring for me. I was never scared to ask questions!
Jessica is an awesome teacher. Writing 140 is a difficult class and general, but she makes the class as fun as it can be. She is really relatable and understanding to students. She does activities that are interested in fun. She is always very helpful. Invested in making students improve in their writing. I recommend trying to get her as a teacher.
1763703	Daylanne	Markwardt	9
Terrible. Utterly terrible. Her heart seems like it might be in the right place, but she is teaching a class on communication and presentations and she is terrible at both herself... Watching her present makes me nervous and bored at the same time somehow. Her grading is also harsh and in my opinion unfair; I put in enough effort for an A elsewhere
LOVE HER. She's funny, class is never boring, and she's super understanding. Sweetest but sharpest lady. Overall an easy class but you have to actually try on the presentation assignments. I learned a lot and had fun doing it!
Worst prof. At USC. Completely useless and confusing class. She'll make you waste your time and give her a feedback about a course and herself at least 5 times during a semester. We got our very first grades for very first assignment on Thanksgiving holidays. You'll learn very little from this class and won't enjoy your time AT ALL.
Professor Markardt is tough and critical and has the business chops to back it up. She genuinely wants you to become a better writer and expects a lot from you. High marks are only given to work that could actually be used in the business world. This class is incredibly helpful if you actually care to improve. Take this class; go to office hours.
Dedicated professor! Truly cares for her students. Never a boring class, always changing things up. Stimulates conversation, reflection, and participation. Approachable and eager to help!!! Sweet and kind professor!
One of my favorite professors at USC! Clear and concise with tons of both professional and academic experience. Eager to help and provide "real world" perspective! Highly recommend!
Who brings a text book back after they have gotten rid of it?  she made us make a blog about a blog. .  You will write more in the class than you have in your entire life and in the end learn very little from this professor. She will tell you everything is okay until you turn in your assignment. Oh yeah, and there is no curve. Enjoy Writing Hell.
REVIEW PART 1: Please ignore what was said before. The 5.0 rating was an error in the system and should be ignored when choosing professor markwardt as a writing 340 class. Enough preamble, here comes the review. We ended up buying a text book that she got rid of only to bring it back in the middle of the semester. This review will continue above.
Great professor, eager to help students. Clear and reasonable expectations. Approachable and incredibly helpful!
154356	Jack	Feinberg	9
He is often confusing in lecture and in lab instruction.
He does a good job using examples non-science majors can understand in order to explain physics concepts. Book is horrible though. Homework and tests aren't that easy either. He's a good teacher, class isn't super easy though
I'm not even a science major and this was one of the best classes I've taken at USC. Feinberg is an awesome teacher. He's very funny and easy to learn from. The class itself is pretty much the same as your high school physics class--the course isn't an easy A, but it's very simple and not that difficult to do well in.
This could have been one of the hardest classes at USC for me, since I struggled with it in high school, but instead it was cool, interesting, fun, and best of all, the material was understandable. I credit ALL of this to the professor.
Great, clear, and interesting lectures. Meticulously explains difficult concepts and makes funny analogies. If you do homework and pay attention, then you are set. Midterms might seem easy, but beware of the final.
Really funny teacher. Keeps a chill atmosphere in class. Homeworks are hard but midterms are relatively easy.
super helpful in class, really funny and has a lot of character. he's a really chill guy, and he knows his stuff.
Knowledgeable about subject material
Great professor for those who are beginners in Physics.
1113383	Yaniv	Konchitchki	9
Amazing professor -- teaches a very hard topic, which students are usually afraid of, in a very thoughtful and easy-to-digest manner
awesome prof!!! he thought me financial accounting-it was my first core class of my MBA studies at Marshall.  A star teacher!  I recommend taking his class.  very bright, knowledgeable, nice, approachable, clear and sweet professor (and hot!)  i know my core loved him so much that students even asked him to star in our C4C video invitations
I miss Yaniv's class so much!!!  he thought my first evening MBA class in fall 2007.  after taking several classes here at Marshall, I realized even more how informative, important and fun his class was.  I'll check if he teaches electives so I can take more classes from him.
prof. yaniv is currently my professor at the full time MBA program (fall 2008).  he is doing an amazing job of explaining complex and advanced accounting material in a clear and fun way.  i feel he really wants and succeeds to give us valuable knowledge
Great professor!!!
dedicated and fun professor
best prof. I have ever had
great prof.!!!!
awesome professor!!!  This class helped me better understand the capital market, and what is currently going on with the credit crisis.  he is young and very handsome professor
1865793	Smrity	Randhawa	9
Smirty is one of the nicest professors I've had at USC so far. She really cares about her students succeeding in the real world, which is why she doesn't grade with any slack now. If accountants mess up in the real world, they go to jail. She just tries to prepare you. Go to office hours. She's very helpful in explaining things you dont understand.
Professor Randhawa is probably my all-time favorite professor at USC. She's very clear and follows what the book says. I took her 8 am class, so not too many people showed up. It really DOES help to go to lecture though! She goes through many practice problems and the practice tests are just like her exams. Go to office hours if you have questions!
Prof. Randhawa is pretty good overall. Yeah, her tests aren't a easy for sure but if you really take the time to study, you should be able to do fine. The class if heavily weighted on the tests so you really do have to kill it. She explains the material pretty well too. 
Smrity is one of the nicest professors. If you go into her office hours to get help, she will do her best to explain things to you. She is a tough grader because she knows that in the real world, if accountants make mistakes they get in actual legal trouble so she wants to prepare you by whipping you into shape now. I would definitely recommend her
Smrity is a really kind professor who cares. Her tests aren't bad compared to other accounting professors I've heard. Her exams are almost the same as the practice tests, so not too bad. That being said, Marshall has a pretty strict curve every professor needs to follow so your grade depends on your class. Go into her office hours!.
Professor Randhawa was AMAZING! I  highly recommend taking her if anyone has the option. She may be hard at times but she ensures that you know the material in and out which leads to future classes seeming easy. Also, she teaches in a very straightforward method that made taking her class not only beneficial, but easier than others.
Got an A, but she really needs to improve...accountants are supposed to know how to calculate numbers. First two tests were easy, but the last two were the hardest things I've ever taken.
Very nice and helpful in office hours, but I never felt ready for any of her exams. She would always add questions clearly designed to trick students in our tests and in our (almost daily) in-class assignments.
Had her for financial accounting. Overall, the material is not challenging and the book is helpful. She, however, seemed to find it funny when we did poorly. Constantly threw curve balls on the midterms (there are four, no final) and group exercises, seemed completely inept half the time. Take someone else and save yourself the anger.
259344	Andrei	Simic	9
This class is a easy GE Cat 2.  Simic lectures mostly on Tuesday's and you watch movies on Thursday's.  The TA decides your grade.  Get a good TA (not Yushi)
Very easy GE class. Hard to get into unless you're an upperclassmen. Watch a lot of movies in lecture, provides a study guide. TAs do all the grading, but professor tells them to be lenient. Take this class if you still need a GE.
Extremely easy class.  Probably the best Category 2 GE option.  Midterm and final are very easy.  Participate in section and you are good.  The paper is kind of long, but not bad at all.  It's actually kind of interesting.  Going to class is helpful because there are lots of movies.  Lectures can get boring, but I highly recommend it.
Great professor! Very open to students and gives you creative freedom with the 3 photo projects. ANTH 472 does not use a text book, but he does give weekly articles to discuss. He uses his personal photography to illustrate and supplement the instructions. I would recommend him to any student.
Very knowledgeable professor and extremely enthusiastic as well. The class is a bit boring at times but what do you expect&#63; Many students complain about how old the films are but these sorts of subjects are from quite a ways back and I can't see any way around it. Overall, not bad class and the friendly professor helps a lot.
This guy may have once been one of the best professors, but he is now very frustrating. He does not use email or blackboard. The class is also very boring.
You dont really need to attend class, as long as you get notes. One simple, mostly mult. choice midterm,  a 10 page paper ( mine was comparing a 1960 movie to a contemporary movie), and a mostly multiple choice final. This is a veeeerrry easy B. For an A, put in a little bit more effort. Also, MANY athletes take this class, implying easiness.
Best teacher ever!
No Comments
668870	Diane	Ghirardo	9
This was a gender/architecture class, which meant a lot of guy bashing. Lectures were sometimes long and boring, however, Diane is extremely intelligent and extremely passionate about the subject. We were told to buy the course reader and we only used it once throughout the entire semester, what a waste! Class was only two papers and a presentation
This class is easy in the since she lets you rewrite your papers until you get the grade you want. But it's a total waste of time. I learned nothing in this class and I'm still not sure what exactly we're supposed to be doing. Super disorganized your much better off taking another class. she is friendly and caring though as a plus
I have taken 3 or 4 courses from Prof. Ghirardo. She is intelligent and friendly, and I highly recommend her classes. Take into consideration-- she is more amiable in small courses. Ghirardo lets you rewrite papers until you get the grade you want. Definitely take her diversity course! These bad ratings are bitter bad students...
I took one of Diane's class last year, and let me say that the class can get quite boring sometimes. It is also quite difficult to reach her on email, and she can reply back quite late. But she is really passionate about her subject.
Really unhelpful in class. Hard grader, and doesn't seem to care whether or not her students do well. Goes over some of the lectures too fast when she's not feeling into teaching, then expects you to know everything she goes over.
the worst professor i've ever had in my life. I still have an MG (missing grade) in her class which i took my 1st semester because she lost one of my drawing assignments
I don't get what the negative comments are about.  She's an interesting and well spoken woman   who allows her students a good amount of say in their work and she doesn't believe in tests.
yes she is mean and looses your homework
No Comments
1140762	Karen	Kensek	9
I took this class two years ago.  The homeworks are long, but you have to know Revet to get a job.  Professor Kensick teaches step-by-step.  You have to go to class and watch if you want to learn it.  There was no textbook, but there were some professionals who came to class to teach. Hard class but worth it.
Have take to get good job. Teaches Revit good but homeworks very length
Sometimes the guest speakers are hard to understand, but Dr. Kensek makes it clear in the next class.  This was the best class I took at USC
You will work all night and learn a lot
Awesome instructor! You'll learn a lot!
Lots of hours for homeworks, but you learn so much.
The best architect faculty at USC
There was too much homework for this class.
No Comments
474782	Richard	Meyer	9
I love him as a person--very energetic, funny, and eager to get students interested. However if you tune out for a second in lecture, you're gonna be lost. I'd take another class with him just because he is a fun, spastic professor. But midterm and final are memorization intensive. I'm usually an A student & this GE might kill my GPA.
The professor is interesting, but the course is seriously ridiculous. Midterms and finals are based on memorizing up to 100 images (artist, title, date). It's not hard, but I seriously didn't learn anything. Might as well take some other GEVI class.
Lectures tend to go off topic (& he spends a lot of time politically correcting himself..), but the topics themselves are very interesting.  His lectures on Lesbian/Gay art are the strongest, since that's his area of specialty.  His use of his own book as a textbook is excusable because it's an excellent source.
Meyer is an incredibly passionate person. He's an entertaining lecturer and knows what he's talking about. I definitely recommend taking a class with him.
Excellent lecturer, always interesting.
Definitely one of the best teachers at USC! Passionate about his work and incredibly well versed in Art History
No Comments
very helpful and available.
No Comments
924778	Yolanda	Kirk	9
There is no curve. "In the business world, no one will curve your performance so neither will I."  The USC case team that went to St. Louis got first place though. Hollaaaaa Yolanda you wear those pants. 
Initially, she seemed very intimidating in terms of as a grader and person. But after the first conference meeting with her, i learned that she is very nice, lenient, and hilarious. Her class is not tough if you follow her writing rules. If you need extra time on essays, she's very understanding if you just shoot her an email.
Regardless of what you do, you'll most likely get a B. Shes a pretty chill teacher, i had a great class. If your cool with a B take her.
Worst professor I've ever had
Save yourself the headache and don't take this professor. Honestly, you'll regret it at the end of the semester (and throughout) if you do.
Had to do tons of speeches throughout the semester. Speeches ranged from in class speeches that you couldn't prepare for, to speeches recorded by camera that you had plenty of time to learn. She is helpful, but the class was stressful. No writing except for Powerpoints. No real grading rubric either. She graded how she felt.
She is one of the worst professors I have ever had at USC.  I cannot stress enough that her class is pointless, and you will not only learn very little, but also be graded in the worst ways.  Please take someone else and learn from my mistakes because you will regret every second in this class.
Grades really hard and gives twice as many speeches as other professors, choose someone else for 302
Terrible teacher all around.  Can't teach if her life depended on it, her peer evaluations are just an excuse for her to not teach.  Doesn't grade on content of your paper, format determines your grade in the class.
1565198	Andreas	Stathopoulos	9
Come to class and listen carefully! He teaches in a fast pace and missing a few classes means hours of understanding difficult concepts yourself. Very good professor, but very hard exams (others will havea hard time too and there's a curve). Be prepared for his arrogance and ego, which demotivates me to go to his class sometimes.
Awesome guy. Really knows his stuff and makes sure that you'll know a ton of finance. Everything in Marshall is curved, so difficulty is just based on how you do vs other students. But you'll walk away knowing a ton, he's one of the best professors I've ever had. Hilarious guy, lots of material that is not easy, but I absolutely recommend him.
Knowledgeable, clear but has strong accent. But be aware! he's mean
I really enjoyed his teaching style. He is very clear and organized, which makes it easy to keep up with the materials. He also has a dark sense of humor, which makes the class even more enjoyable. I highly recommend taking him for 306!
One of the best professors I have had yet. The classes are incredibly fast paced, but you get out early. Do not mistake this for a easy class-it is not. You will have to do work. If you do the work, you will do well.
Extremely knowledgeable on the subject, but there is little correlation between the content covered in class and the questions on the exam.  A business school Finance class should have a much stronger math emphasis.  If students are meant to apply the lessons from class to jobs, theoretical finance should take a back seat to practical finance.
Professor Stathopoulos was clear, attentive, and, at times, humorous.  The tests are generally hard but the curve helps out a lot. He tries to grade you based on improvement, so do well on the final you'll be get a good overall grade. The course can be self-taught using the textbook, but his lectures are interesting and makes studying much easier!
Take him. You will be very lucky to find another professor that cares as much as he does (especially among 306 professors). He is tough, at times over the line, but he cares and he really teaches you something that is worth tuition dollars. One of a few professors that I have come to respect at Marshall.
He really knows the subject well and makes a lot of references to current affairs to keep the class interested. His homework's are difficult but pass/fail. Attendance is not mandatory and studying from the book or going through his lecture slides is enough to learn the material. Exams however are VERY difficult. The average in my class was 60%.
1620078	Gerald	Giaquinta	9
He's a cool guy, fun class because of group projects, makes you meet the whole class. However, important to make good first impression of first impromptu. That will define your grade in the class, if he thinks ur a B grade presenter, no matter how hard u try ur highest grade will be a B. Easy B, hard A.
Professor Giaquinta was the best. He truly cares about his students and is willing to go the extra mile to help them. He is a fair grader and challenges students so they can reach their personal best. Highly recommend.
He's a pretty good professor: he's fair, nice, and straightforward. The class isn't too bad all in all - 3 ind speeches and 1 team final speech. We also had a 12-16 page surprise take-home final, which was pretty bad but not horrible. The worst part of this class: literally all of the speeches are straight from memory, which made it pretty rough.
He is honestly the coolest professor I've had at USC. Our class was 4 hours on a Monday evening and he always tried to make classes engaging by showing us movies and just facilitating interesting discussions. He even threw a party for  us on the last day! He doesn't give out As which is standard for 302 but he's still the best.
Fun and knowledgeable professor. He's always in a good mood and is happy to help students. Class is fun, the book isn't required, and speeches are laid back and manageable. I'd highly recommend this class, he's the best 302 teacher by far!!
Very clear and nice guy.  He loves to laugh and challenge students. Because all of Marshall is curved to a B he keeps all of the grades near there.  Don't expect too much higher or lower than that.  Still, I recommend this class.
Such a nice professor. Really fun and interesting class. One of the best I've had at USC but expect a B :/ Still he was so fun, took us to the movies, fun assignments. I would take him again.
Very nice, approachable and friendly professor. Creates a comfortable classroom environment for you to speak. Does not offer good public speaking advice but grades relatively easy on students. Take him! :)
nice guy, but too vague. never knew what he wanted. caution.
1806449	Aris	Protopapadakis	9
Unclear, hard to understand, seems to get annoyed when answering students' questions, does not explain concepts well.
Nice guy and tries very hard to make jokes, but overall very confusing and hard to understand. Goes way too fast, hard to grasp material. Attendance is mandatory and participation is very important so try to talk a lot. Tests are pretty difficult because it covers so much material, but try to read the book and do study guidehomework problems
Professor Protopapadakis likes to talk a lot and speed through slides. He thinks everyone is born a macroeconomic master, and therefore determines that no explanations for key concepts are necessary. Great guy though.
Very confusing and not helpful. The class felt like a waste of time.
Most boring lectures I've ever had to sit through (plus mandatory attendance) so for that reason alone, stay away. While I thought he was a nice guy, he wasn't that helpful. His tests were pretty reasonable though and with a lot of studying and a generous curve you can do well. Read the textbook because the lecture slides are vague and confusing.
Worst professor I have ever had! Avoid him at all costs. Delay taking ECON 352 if necessary. The classes are extremely dry and he tests us on material that we never learn. I have never had a professor as ineffective and boring as him. Again, DO NOT TAKE A CLASS WITH HIM. You will greatly regret it.
Unbelievably ineffective professor.  Mandatory attendance, yet you spend the entire time in class confused and will feel that you are wasting your time.  His explanations of subject matter are unclear and his lectures will completely put you to sleep.  He comes off as rude and unapproachable. Its surprising he is even employed at a school like USC.
He just doesn't know how to teach. He speeds through slides, doesn't explain subject matter clearly, and then expands on unexplained questions for the tests. If I had known how he teaches beforehand, I would have taken any other teacher. Whole class is curved up, but still the % grades avg are terrible. Take someone else.
Do not take his class for econ! He does a very very bad job teaching the subject material, and then expects a lot more from you on the test. Was very disappointed with him and the class.
425294	Robert	Beaudet	9
great class very interesting dont listen to other comments it is an easy class
Hard ass class....good luck!! HAHAHA
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
very unapproachable and unreachable......worst class ever
Horrible lecturer, Impossible exams. 'Nuff said.
lectures are boring - there wasn't one i managed to stay awake though. exams are impossible, even when you think you know the material
It's hard to follow his lectures because he's unorganized. The only interesting part of class is when he blows up something as a demonstration. Labs are not fun, but with a good TA, they're bearable. Exams are confusing and difficult. Good luck.
1927910	David	Pritchard	9
He is always willing to give feedback and help you no matter how busy he is. 
He is a very great teacher. He is willing to put in time for one-on-one help. He dresses casually to class- does not mind when people do not show up or come lateleave early. I came in the class with 0 knowledge on programming but ending up passing with a B after attending many office hour sessions.
Amazing professor!! I've never had a professor so available and helpful. And for helping you debugging your code, he is impressive. You may have spent hours on your code but he gets what you typed right away. Excellent professor!
He is pretty clear in what he explains. His notes are the best, just go through them carefully before exams and you might get an A. You will never touch the textbook. Really good professor, totally recommended. Incredibly helpful, sometimes he has like 10 students in his office and he manages to help them all. You will end up loving cats. 
Prof Pritchard was one of the best professors I've had at USC so far. He is an extremely approachable, quirky guy, who loves to tell jokes about Canada and cats. He always makes himself available in office hours and even within class has developed an interactive "notes and exercises" page for every lecture and walks around the class to help. 
Pretty difficult if you don't have prior experience with coding. However, Professor Pritchard's helpfulness makes up for this. He is always willing to help, no matter how swamped office hours are. Never made me feel dumb for asking questions about basic concepts. Go to office hours and schedule appointments!
If you are new to coding or to computer science over all be prepared to put in a good amount of effort to pass. Pritchard makes it easy to learn, specially if you have a good knowledge of C and C++. Lectures go by slow and your grade mainly depends on 5 big coding assignments you have to turn in that are not very hard if you know your stuff. 
If you know C and C++ well, you won't really need to attend class too much; nonetheless, you'll want to go because Pritchard's lectures are really interesting and go beyond just learning basic programming. Furthermore, he's also an extremely humble and intelligent guy. If you're taking CS 103, make sure to take it with either Pritchard or Redekopp.
Best looking male in the CS department. Class grade average is superior within CS-103, lecture very clear and no accent. 
1496236	Wen Kuang	Chang	9
Such a nice guy and super caring. Makes class fun and takes the time to make sure his students are engaged. Easy grader and really really friendly!!!
Condescending and discouraging. And not a good teacher unless you already know a lot of Chinese. Almost made me want to quit learning the language. If you're already good, take his class! You'll have a great time. Otherwise I would highly recommend taking Chinese from any other teacher.
Prof. Chang is nice and the class is not boring. But sometimes he can't explain things very well and I agree with others that the class lack clarity and structure. Some of the video stuff got old after a while. But he is nice guy thou.
An extremely friendly, caring, and funny guy. My Chinese skills are terrible and he took the time to help me out and lowered his standards for me. His course often lacked structure and clarity but he is still one of the best professors at USC.
Very good professor! But sometimes not quite know what he wants. Easy grader thou. Fun class!
Best professor ever !
One of the best professors I've ever had. Very clear and VERY passionate about the subject. Our whole class was so sad to leave at the end of the semester. He cares for his students a lot and is willing to help if you're willing to try. I'd really suggest attending all classes -not only are they really helpful, they're really fun as well!
One of the best professors I have had at USC. He is so passionate, really wants you to learn, and the class is fun and engaging. I recommend going to class, it's an easy way to learn the material so you don't even have to study that much for the tests. Also a cool feature, Chang Laoshi is a programmer so he makes alot of neat learning programs
The best. Subject itself is challenging and there's a lot of work, but that comes with any lang class. He's extremely helpful, passionate and very funny;class is something to look forward to. He's also a smart comp programmer so he lets us take tests on our laptops (which is WAY easier than just having to write out every character)
655528	Guillaume	Vandenbroucke	9
I actually had Professor Vandenbroucke for both Econ 205 and Econ 305. If you have the chance, take one of his classes! His lectures are well-structured, his assignments and tests are relatively easy, and he is always passionate about what he teaches. One of the best professors in the department. 
Very nice and approachable professor. The only hard part of the course was the homework. Make sure to go to the TA's office hours to get help. The midterm was super easy, final was a little harder but still easy. Uses hw problems on midterm so definitely do the hw! 305 had hard topics but the professor and the TA helped make the class bearable!
Class is extremely easy. There's no point in going to lecture as he teaches directly out of the book. Roughly 5 easy hw assignments (20 questions multiple choice, can be taken unlimited times until all correct), 2 midterms (same format as hw), and final (same format as hw, recycles hw and midterm problems). He also dropped the lower midterm grade.
I went to class about 5 times total. Uses hw problems on midterms plus like 5 new ones and hw/midterm problems on the final. Pretty sure all of the econ 205 professors aren't that great so might as well take him.
Very straightforward class. Pay attention, pass the midterms, and you're set. Eager to help students.
This guy is not very good at teaching basic econ concepts. I was lucky and took econ during high school with a great teacher so I ended up with a B+ but my friends who weren't familar with econ suffered.  I had to learn most of my stuff from the TAs and there was no motivation to go to lecture after a while.
Great teacher.  Always prepared. Speaks with great clarity.
he was the worst teacher ever! he rambled and failed to explain basic concepts, or focus on what would be important. he was constantly unsure of himself. he's one of those people you can tell would be bad at telling jokes.
No Comments
1937292	Seda	Durguner	9
Class was pretty straight forward as long as you attended her lectures and did the practice questions. Practice questions are very similar to actual exam so if you have practice questions down you will get good grades on the exams. Definitely would take again for another econ class 
Difficult to understand the lectures and her tests are the hardest tests I have ever had. The lectures and practice problems she gives you will not prepare you for her midterms or final exams, so be prepared to be surprised with questions you've never seen before on her tests. 
Mandatory class if you want to get into Marshall. Professor is great person, but you are all be yourself.
Economics at USC is a weed-out course to get in the business school and is a tough class, regardless of what kind of student you are. Make the commitments, take the class seriously and the professor will take you seriously. Pay attention in lectures and do the practice questions. Durguner does more than enough to make herself available for help.
Seda is a very kind woman, and well learned. She has a PhD in Applied Economics and she knows her stuff. Be respectful and she will return the favor. This class is honestly pretty easy. No assignments, just exams and quizzes. She provides practice questions for each chapter, which you REALLY should work on at home if you want to do well. 
I really love her class. She is just an amazing instructor! I would say many of the students who rate "poor" are not fair. To be honest, Seda's PPT are the best material to study for(I did not have the textbook ). Also, don't skip her classes and remember to do the practice questions every time you finish each chapter. Then I bet you would be fine!
True, the tests aren't easy if  you only study on the day before the test and the 2-hr-long lecture may be little overwhelming at times. But the powerpoint slides and Professor Seda's clear explanation are REALLY helpful to an easy A. Go to her office hours and she'd be more than willing to help. Complain less, don't skip classes and be persistent 
she's not that bad, but it's a hard class
Ready to teach yourself,  she will test on all 16 chapters in final and expect you to know all the materials as she does. 
170468	Arif	Ansari	9
Ansari is a great professor. Extremely helpful and great at explaining concepts. Highly recommend taking him for BUAD 425.
Good teacher, but tough for only a 2 unit class. I feel a lot of class is a waste b.c you could go over it at home with the guides. If someone doesn't get it you have to wait for them to be helped b4 the class continues. Also you spend a lot of time on simple tasks then all the hard stuff is stuffed at the end and is what you're mostly graded on.
This professor has an inability to apply real-world examples with his theory-based teaching. I would not recommend his course to anyone wishing to apply statistics to their professional life unless they desire to stay in a theory-based environment (university life).
took this class during the summer. it was intellectually stimulating. he's a great person to get to know more and is very smart. he tries very hard to help you out with homework and case studies. definitely learned a lot from this class and highly recommend anyone taking BUAD 310 to have him as your professor. don't buy book; he doesn't use it much
Professor Ansari is a extremely helpful.  He will do whatever needs to be done to help you as long as you put the effort in.
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
389572	Satwindar	Sadhal	9
My review is a little biased because I took the course over the summer. DO NOT take AME526 over the summer. There is way too much info & material to cram into your brain & just not enough time. We had insane HWs and exams in the same week. Due to time constraints exams were scheduled on a non-lecture day & we'd still have to go to both classes.
Great knowledge, Great personality
Excellent Professor! He explained everything very clearly, and if you are struggling, go to his office hours! He loves helping students, and he'll make sure you understand everything. His tests are fairly straightforward if you're on top of everything. My class had a high curve, but just do all the hw and go to TA and SI.
great professor, extremely nice and cares about his students. the tests were straightforward and he never pulled any cheap shots. go to SI if you need help too, or ask him for clarification. he WILL help you
Amazing professor.  Genius, but still is able to convey the material.  Go to office hours and he will help anyone thoroughly understand the material!  Really nice guy too!
Incredible prof. He actually cares about what he is doing, and if you have a problem understanding anything, he is extremely available (sometimes even teaches his own SI) and loves to help. Also, 2% extra credit at the end of the semester if you visit him in office hours every week!
An excellent professor. He is patient during office hours, and has a strong background in the topics he teaches. People who claim accent issues are either deaf, stupid, or ****.
No English as a first language, but better than most. I had him the first semester he stopped giving his finals as open book, and the final was HORRENDOUS. Too many formulas to memorize, and it sucks because I knew I could have aced it if I would have had my notes!
His final seemed easier than his test and quizzes.
414206	Jay	Kuo	9
Kuo is a nice and really smart person. there might be heavy assignments but the final grading is good. highly recommend this course if Kuo is the instructor:)
Prof doesn't care about students. Ask a question in office hours, and he looks at you like you are stupid. Only seem to care about his research, professors like this should not be teaching.
Class is good, the exams are long, since it is a 3 hours class, so the exam is 3 hours long, beware!!!!!!
Class is very interesting, but it is an insane amount of work. Assignments are very long and complicated, dealing with heavy compression algorithms. TAs are good, the prof won't help you much on homeworks.
Professor helps a lot,but they need to get better TAs. TAs need to be able to speak proper English,that should be made a MINIMUM requirement.My TA was asian(Chinese) and his English was pathetic.Kept asking &quot;What you say&#63;&quot; when I tried asking him questions in ENGLISH. Do I have to learn Chinese&#63;&#63;&#63; But Professor is really smart and knows his stuff.
Very good at explaining the material and its application.
Lectures are interesting and clear. Homework assignments are fun and motivational, although occasionally time consuming. One of the best teachers in EE dept at USC. Highly recomended.
Teaches reasonably well TAs don't aren't useful Course work is project and programming based and takes a long time to complete
professor is good, TA and grader are not
689022	Bingen	Yang	9
The best professor that I have ever seen in my life. He is very helpful and very nice.  The whole material is very easy for him so he explains very fast. You need to review the notes beforehand and be ready in the class. His notes are great and lifetime handy.
Listening to Dr. Yang's lectures, a student gets the impression that he may be schizophrenic--it's as if he is continuously switching between his multiple internal monologues.  Needless to say, most of his lectures are poorly organized and have limited value.  Worst of all, though, is his unabashed disregard for student learning.
He is just terrible. He does not know how to teach. very hard to follow his lecture.
This class was not easy by any means, but I did think the tests were fair. He has pretty good notes and examples and comes to class very prepared. The class is kinda boring, but I don't know how anyone could make linear control systems come alive.
Great professor, is passionate about subject. Didn't teach in the same order as the textbook chapters, but notes were thorough and helpful.
Professor covers a lot of material without a lot of examples.  Talks very fast.  Short answers to questions, doesn't seem to take an interest in whether or not his students are understanding the material.
Not helpful in office hours; speeds through material; hard midterms
awesome class, I learned a lot. go see prof yang in his office hours, very helpful. This was my favorite class at SC. fight on!
terrible teaching skills.  only used the whiteboard, which was very difficult to follow for DEN students.
801093	Roger	Ghanem	9
Jumps right into problems without previously explaining concepts; he does not know how to teach the subject. You have to read the book and make sense of it on your own. Going to office hours can be helpful sometime. He is a nice guy, but I felt lost most of the semester.
Tries to teach, but doesn't really know how to unfortunately. The class is basically self-taught. Going to lecture isn't really worth it. I ended up learning everything from the textbook. Nice guy though.
You're basically doing the same thing over and over, but because he is such a bad teacher, you may not due as well as you like. The tests are homework problems (there's like 120 problems for each chapter and you're tested at 3 chapters at a time). but seriously, he doesn't know how to teach, even though he tries to. oh and he's a nice guy lol
Dull and not very useful lectures. I frequently skipped lectures or else didn't pay attention, and it did not impact my performance in any manner as lectures were not useful. Learned all subject matter from doing the homeworks
Does not do a good job at teaching the topics at all. Even going to class which less than 10% attended, if was useless.
If you are a good memorizer you can ace this class with out even going; however if you learn in lecture this class is a waste of time.  Chooses 5 from 90 preselected problems for the midterms and a cumulative final. Pain in the butt to take.
excruciatingly boring and useless lectures, but you can abuse his class really easily. every exam question is a homework question, and he doesn't check work. scribble crap and circle the correct number and you'll get full credit.
No Comments
His class is boring, but he is nice guy. Half of exam problems are from HW. Fair grader.
844862	Kai	Hwang	9
I never see the professor like him. He is a poor professor. Nothing I learned in his class. In his class, he teach nothing. Even I think he doesn't understand what his slide. I recommend that never choose his class!!!!
It is a disaster to take his course. Learn nothing but waste of money and time. When I want to have some help from him, he tell me a good way-to drop the course!
Don't take his classes. You'll learn nothing, but how to cheat. He explains nothing, just mumbles in class. His explanations are just off the wall, he goes to class without any preparation.
This guy is a joke! Doesn't teach at all, slides are simply copied from the book. Coordination between prof and TA is nonexistent. IMPORTANT(figured it out after 1st test): if the prof is using the 4th edition book, then get the 3rd edition also, because he gets the HW and test problems from it! All in all, try take it with someone else.
lol, reading previous comments I see that I'm not alone. He is the worst teacher I ever had. His lectures slides have nothing to do with the actual material, his slides are like a survey material, but the hw is ridiculously hard.
This professor is useless, arrogant, selfish and hopeless. Don't take any course taught by this guy. He ignores all the questions, flips slides around without explanation. In his office hour, if asking for any reason why, then he says &quot;you are going to fail the test without studying the new material&quot;. OMG.
All I can say: Avoid at any cost. Gives 10-15 pages of Hw, which is fine, but he doesn't explain how to do it.Going to class is useless.
OMG, prof is useless, he flips through the slides, no explanation of problems. The TA is very hard to understand. Don't take it, wait until someone else is teaching it.
No Comments
974253	Larry	Redekopp	9
He explains things very clearly and often will spend the first 10-15 minutes of each lecture reviewing the topics covered in the previous lecture. The class was definitely an easy A. He is a very nice person in general, too. I would definitely take another class with him.
Awesome professor. The class was interesting, fun and the tests were fair.
Easy to understand and taught the material effectively. Workload consists of one quiz each week, two midterms, a final, and about 10 MATLAB assignments. The MATLAB assignments were most difficult as little explanation was provided, especially for non-AME students who had yet to take an introductory course to MATLAB.
Very clear and easy to understand.  The class is challenging but by no means is it excessively difficult.  Highly recommended MATH245 professor for AME majors.
Math 245 with Redekopp is great!  Taking math with an engineering professor is extremely useful if you are an engineer.  Redekopp explains his way through everything cleanly and concisely.
I absolutely adore him. Extremely helpful, and all the effort he puts into his class makes you care so much more. I would take any class he offered.
Most amazing teacher I've ever had. He once sat with me for over an hour until i understood. If you can, take his class.
Great professor, very helpful to students
Excellent professor. I wish I could take more classes with him, but he mainly teaches aerospace stuff. Redekopp is so good. Do whatever it takes to get into his classes. He is the reason to be an engineering student at USC.
1254706	Armand	Tanguay	9
Great guy, always willing to help and puts a ton of effort into the class and his students. He's a pretty slow lecturer, but he imparts a lot of pretty valuable insight. The class is easy, and (at least fall 13) we didn't need the books at all, so I'd recommend against buying them.
The professor taught the material very well and was interesting throughout the class. Helpful whenever you asked for help and explained clearly. The TA's were also helpful with homework sessions in the evenings. Midterm and Test were challenging, but if you review all the material before, they're fine. Great into to EE.
He is really enthusiastic about the subject; however, sometimes he explains too slow...He needs to be more helpful with the homework because it is hard to do the homework even after his lectures...He also need to give final base on what we learnt not something we have no clue on...His final this year is definitely brutal...
Boring, not helpful, homework is really difficult, and you hardly learn anything.
Probably one of the most boring professors I had at USC. Homeworks are extremely hard. The way he talks makes me fall asleep no matter how interesting his topics are. Read the book and you will do well on the tests. Takes FOREVER to explain something. Lectures can be done in an hour, but not for Tanguay...
Explains optics very clearly and encourages students to ask questions. I found the book to be less than complete but lecture notes provided good background. Overall a good teacher.
I really did not enjoy this class. I do not know how I managed to pass but he is a good guy. He tries to make the class fun but it doesn't really go through. However, I did learn a little bit at least.
Mostly comprehensible. Not the most interesting lecturer. He likes to tell obviously planned jokes. :/
No Comments
1390081	Joseph	Greenfield	9
great guy
Lots of hard work, but worth it. Joe encourages students to think for themselves and exhaust all other options before asking for help from him, and he rarely gives direct answers, which can be annoying at times. However the course is very well structured and Joe cares a lot about his students. Attendance is definitely mandatory.
Very helpful professor, tries to help students in every way especially in connecting with potential employers to land them a job
Joe is awesome!
To get an A, do the labs. They can be tedious, but they are not particularly difficult. I recommend attending your assigned lab section in case you need help on them. Also, thoroughly review the lecture slides before the midterm/final. Greenfield is a very knowledgeable and approachable instructor.  Cool dude.
Hilarious guy. Tends to go off on random tangents that are both informative and make lecture more interesting. Labs are ridiculously easy and make up 50% of your grade.
Very passionate about what he teaches!  Really enjoys sharing his knowledge and is always willing to answer questions
He's awesome!  I really enjoyed being in his class and I'm sure you will too!
i love this dude!
681390	James	Kincaid	9
Kincaid cares about students - he is interested in what everyone can contribute and bring to the table. The work is there but he cares more to see you being creative and original than text-book correct. I grew to like him as semester went on and ended up thinking he is great. Easy grader as long as you engage and show you're learning something.
I had him as a visiting professor for a Junior Seminar, a capstone for English Lit majors, where he taught a class on deviance in literature. The class was largely discussion based, we read a lot, and we were asked to run topics for class. We had a freeform final term paper. Learned a lot about literature AND myself. Take him!
He is literally the best professor I've ever had. Not only is he a nice person, but he is passionate about teaching and encourages students to learn in their own way. He loves deviance and othering - be prepared to have great classroom discussions. There is also a mandatory retreat that makes the class even better. TAKE HIS CLASS! :)
He's one of the greatest people I'll ever know. The most kind-hearted, considerate, and intelligent man! He focuses on learning and thinking about whatever the students are interested in rather than the &quot;class structure&quot;. Gives a ton of freedom in the class but also expects the students to &quot;make their own class&quot;. Just the best &lt;3
Wonderful professor who is truly caring and passionate about what he teaches.  Your English education is incomplete without at least one class with this man.
Kincaid is a great teacher.  He is really bright and really interesting and really focused on making his classes about the students.  That being said, if you like structure this probably isnt the class for you because he loves chaos.  Very easy teacher though.
he is the best prof ever, the books he selcects are all so interesting and he is unelievably intelligent, witty, and all around an awesome guy. If you have a chance to take a class with him DO
His was the best class I took in college! He's extremely intelligent, witty, and friendly.
No Comments
952785	Stephen	Park	9
Not too hard of a grader/class, however, he is NOT inspiring or interesting AT ALL. Park cares more how often you fuel his ego by coming to class than he cares about your work. I would take him if you don't want to learn anything, and just have to find a 340 class to take. Make sure you go to class though.
He's very arrogant and is on a constant power-trip. Good luck to you if you end up taking him.
he is a phenomenal teacher who clearly dictates what he expects from his students. He is also witty, fun and very helpful. If you plan on getting an A in his class though, I highly recommend attending his office hours, however briefly at least once per assignment. I chose his section randomly, and I could not be happier.
Stephen is such a nice guy.  He is so willing to help you and make the best out of your first semester/year in college.  He grades fairly, and more generously than other teachers.It is still difficult to get an A in his class, but if you go to his office hours, that should not be a problem.  Definitely one of the best Writ-140 teachers you can have
Stephen is probably the best WRIT140 teacher you can get, and he doesn't always teach WRIT140 either. He's a brilliant teacher, even if WRIT140 content is dull. Really really helpful teacher altogether. His grades are reasonable compared to other WRIT140 teachers, but it's still not easy to get an A.
Professor park is the best teacher ever. He is incredibly funny and smart AND hot. Who are you to resist&#63; Take him as soon as you can
He definitely encourages his students to speak in class and is incredibly open to hearing various perspectives on any given material. You'll never feel shy or intimidated in his class, a definite plus! Take him the first chance you get!
great teacher. i was worried about this class because of everything i heard about writ 140, but he makes it really fun and teaches well.
Professor Park is a brilliant teacher.
1245818	Mary Ann	Davis	9
At first, Mary Ann gave me a weird vibe - she seemed distant, but I grew to like her over the semester. She has a kind, nurturing presence and is very respectful of her students. Fair grader. Reading is heavy, but you gotta do it - the whole class is discussion and papers. Some articles you can skim. There was also a group project, so beware.
Class discussion was kinda meh but v interesting subject. Def use office hours, def willing to help you improve on your paper before u turn it in: it WILL bump u a letter grade. Took in my 1st yr: part of the challenge. Seemed a bit hard to approach (v formal yet friendly) but a good prof. Cool readings! Loved final project (we did an event).
Professor Davis is wonderful, always makes herself available to students and is a great facilitator for discussions. The readings covered a vast amount of perspectives (and were super interesting) which was really crucial as the intro course for Feminist, Gender, and Sexuality studies.
Prof. Davis is great. She was receptive and extremely helpful with my personal disabilities involving writing and my mental health. She is a very hard grader, but it's only because she expects the best. She was always accessible. I loved her class so much, I took classes with her for two more semesters afterward.
Honestly she was so unclear, we really tried to follow her advice yet we still got bad grades. don't expect to improve throughout the course, you will receive the same grade as your first assignment.
HARD marker
Mary Ann was a good WRIT 140 teacher. She expects a lot, though, but she is open to meeting with you and working on it. She likes things a certain way and if you don't do it that way, expect to get a low grade. In my class, basically, whatever grade you got on your first essay would be around the same grade you would get on every other essay.
CLASS WAS BORING
She is BAD professor. maybe worst prof I ever had in USC. She refuse to take extra time with student to discuss paper. Just look for someone else if you want to LEARN.
315206	Ron	Rizk	9
Ron is the best teacher I have ever had.  I really didn't like drawing before taking his class but I ended up loving it by the end of the semester. If you show interest in improvement he will go to great lengths to help you become a better artist. He is tough, but improvement is really what he cares about. He is an incredible person.
Ron is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated teacher. He teaches for all levels of skill and interest. I took three or more classes with him and he made the least amount of comments to me out of all of my professors. However, I remember almost every statement when I paint today. &quot;I throw away more paint in a day than you have on your palette&quot;
He teaches the basics of drawing really well. if you're a fine arts major, the class is an easy A (its stuff you learn in middle school art). The highest grade are B's in the beginning, but everyone's grades goes up. The hardest part of this class was actually getting up in the mornings and staying awake in class.
ron is an amazing teacher and great person!
Ron is amazing! He definitely brings out talent in people, and is always encouraging while giving honest opinions. This course requires work to get an A, however. He first only gives out B's (no A's what so ever) and gives out A- every now and then. I learned alot from him and would definitely take his other art classes
This guy was a total ass! He has a limited perception on process and has difficulty respecting non-representational paintings... ever notice that&#63; anyone&#63; Hhmmm.... ask him about Rothko: you'll see. Limited. Heck! Ask him about Pollock. Notice his reaction, but his words will say it all. I'll give him this, though, he taught me how to mix a damn good pallet! I've been using this skill ever since.
what a guy
No Comments
Ron Rocks!! An amazing teacher that helped everyone in the class learn how to paint, even people who weren't naturally &quot;artistic.&quot;  Patient, funny, engaging, wonderful at explaining concepts at different ways and always challenging students to t
1234768	William	Deverell	9
Doesn't explain things and gets mad if you ask him to. Hard to get a good grade because it is in impossible to find out what he wants.
Let me tell you about my boy Willy D. Everyone at the Huntington is on first. name. basis. So great, so great, I love him. 
Unclear about requirements. Hard to talk to when asked to explain things. He made it very clear he was annoyed when asked questions after class or in office.
He's a really nice guy and is very passionate about what he is teaching. Lectures are a little dry and can be hard to follow. That being said, you don't necessarily have to take copious notes to do well. Lots and lots of reading which you do have to do eventually. Does care about his students. A little tougher than some G.E.'s, but an alright class
Awesome teacher, super engaging, especially for a GE.
Very interested in what he is teaching and makes everything very clear and straightforward.
Prof. Deverell is a good professor and a really genuine guy. His door is always open to talk about anything - not just class. There is a lot of reading but really no reason to do it. Lecture is semi-interesting but really not helpful. You can get by with high school history and some outside research on whatever you write about
Was a pretty good professor. Lectures weren't too helpful for the assignments, but he was enthusiastic and a great speaker on the content. Assigns lots of readings, but you can get by without doing most of it. You'll get the most from the class out of going to the lectures.
Professor Deverell is probably one of the coolest people you'll ever meet, and clearly absolutely brilliant... he does tend to ramble though. He doesn't use a textbook, but assigns a lot of novels and articles.
1753422	G. Clinton	Godart	9
This class is not as easy as people say. The TA grades all of your work and while lecture attendance is not mandatory discussion attendance is very important. There is a ridiculous amount of reading and the Prof even admits to that. You have to be super specific on all your tests and reading responses are almost impossible to get an A on.
The best, most interesting and easiest GE 2. Godart is an awesome professor - he makes the class very interesting and very short and to the point. He has a very non-bias view on Japanese history which is great. There are no papers, only a midterm and final which are almost entirely vocabulary or multiple choice - they are also directly lecture.
class is straightforward, don't need to read a textbook or anything like that. you can get all the necessary information from lectures and uploaded slides. weekly discussions on readings. seems easy enough but grading is difficult and inconsistent. hoping for a curve to fix that. overall hist 107 was a decent GE, relatively easy compared to others
TAs weren't the best buy Clinton is a homie and has a odd but great sense of humor.
Professor Godart is by far the funniest professor I met at USC. He has a passion for Japanese history and teaches it in a easy-to-understand manner. Attendance is not mandatory, the only thing is that there is a lot of reading. However, grading is easy too.
Prof. Godart was amazing - he had a passion about the subject, kept lecture short and interesting, and the midterms/final were relatively easy if you did his study guide.  The TAs do grade your work, but mine was a fair grader.  There's a lot of reading (weekly responses and showed up on exams), but most of it is interesting, and there's no papers.
Fascinating to get a nonwestern perspective on history. Godart makes it clear and simple (he might be simplifying too much but for a GE I'm ok with that). Yes. It's a lot of reading but I think a lot of GEIIs are. If you go to lecture you can finagle your way around them but they're interesting for the most part anyway.
Great professor. Funny and interesting lectures however avoid Hist 107g like the plague. Way too much reading and it is the TA's that grade you. Good reading's but way too much. One of the most time consuming history classes I've ever taken...
Professor Godart was wonderful! I was not at all interested in the topic, but he was so passionate about it and he made the class so interesting.  There is quite a bit of reading, but well worth it. It ended up being one of my favorite classes thus far.
207818	Gerald	Bender	9
By far on eof the worst clases Ive ever taken. Professor is indeed amazing in terms of his knowledge and his contacts . Therefore the class felt like story time - ALL the time. He was never organized, never structured, and to top it all off he mumbles his entire lectures which he reads word for word from his notes. Horrible class, horrible professo
Amazing...he has advised our presidents and was blacklisted during the marxist red scare b/c he brought mt. luther king jr. to speak at his high school... this guys knows what he's talking about.
one of the best professors I ever had. Knows the subject extremely well and was of great help outside the classroom. Definitely recommend taking his courses.
I was really quite dissapointed by this class.  Mr. Bender is affable enough, but the lectures and discussion sections are absolutely pointless.  I found taking notes to be utterly pointless, so I completed the reading during the lecture and discussion sections.  There really isn't any good way to p
Retaliates against you for questioning your graded papers, mid-term & final.  I was kicked out of a discussion section, received an email with &quot;flacid&quot; & &quot;not a real man&quot; comments and he also wrote questionable comments on my mid-term.  He definitely plays favorites.
great teacher if you're even a decent student. if you don't want to do any work, you shouldn't take his class though. he tells amazing, unparalleled stories in class.
very vague, plays favortism, always late, extremely arrogant! Not at all clear about what he wants for mid-term nor finals. Says one thing does another.
arrogant. not clear with topics. midterm and final exam q's not clearly written. vague with expecations.  plays favortism with students.
One of the best, to-the-point, teachers I've ever had.  Very cut-and-dry in class, very approachable outside.  He's does real world work and it shows in his teaching.  Recommended.
1463003	David	Kang	9
His lectures are definitely engaging and lively as he makes students to participate. However, the majority of the concepts learned in this class is from the assigned readings, and the lectures do not help much in terms of explaining the concepts. Overall, it has been an enjoyable class! Recommended.
Kang is hilarious and obviously very knowledgeable and well respected in the IR world. His class was very interesting, but focuses on theory, more than current events. VERY focused on Asia. There's a ton of reading, but you can sort of choose which ones to focus on. There's one paper, a midterm and a final.
I hated the class. Lots of readings but you can BS it in the end. Only talks about Koreans. Thinks he is the funniest person in the world when he is not.
I'm positive that he has every student at least somewhat interested in IR by the time the class is over. Work load is very minimal (one paper, midterm,final) all essays though. Kang is such a genuinely likable guy, I highly recommend.
might be my favorite professor at USC thus far. would love to take a class of his again
Clearest instructor I've ever had. Oozing clarity is a great way to put it. Kang makes sense, explains concepts in understandable ways, and is always entertaining/interesting in lecture. Can't say enough good things about him. Plus the course material is great too.
Awesome prof!
Why is Kang rated 2.5 in Dartmouth&#63; This guy oozes clarity at every level, and brings in current events into very interesting lectures. He makes IR a very worthwhile class; his lectures are delivered with such lucidity, enthusiasm and relevance it doesnt feel like ur going to class. Easy class, easy A, great WRIT140 partner, world class professor.
Awesome class!!!
876224	Ana	Hakoupian	9
I already knew Spanish and found her class useless. She never corrected the other students but corrected my pronunciation all the time, which didn't make sense since they were the ones whom were taking Spanish for the 1st time. Class was easy but she spent too much time chatting in English instead of teaching. Don't recommend it.
Definitely the best professor I have had at USC. She's absolutely adorable and would be willing to repeat herself a dozen times to ensure that you understand the material. This course was challenging after not taking Spanish for a few years, but Hakoupian made it so much more bearable.
Easiest and nicest Spanish teacher I've ever had. Easier than high school and all your homework is online and you can take it as many times as you want to get a 100%. Quiz questions very similar to textbook's. She is an amazing professor and super nice. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS PASS/FAIL! I barely tried and got an A-
Most likely the best spanish teacher I've had. Easy to understand, quizzes are easy (and you can drop the lowest score), and easy homework. I recommend taking Spanish with her. Easiest A of college yet.
Dr. Hakoupian was the best Spanish prof. I've ever had. I usually struggle with listening comprehension, but I almost always knew what she was saying. She's a sweetheart, & is very clear, patient, approachable, & always willing to repeat herself! The only complaint I had was with the Mosaicos book, but that's a departmental issue.
very boring but very easy, quizzes are straight forward and the blackboard excercises are easy too but if youre confused she'll just tell you the answer in class
One of the only teachers at USC that I've really been happy about having.  She's very easy and extremely understanding of the students' needs.  Her quizzes are very straight forward and exactly what we talk about in class.  No tricky stuff with her at all.
Hakoupian is a VERY EASY A.  This spanish course was easier than my high school spanish class.
She was probably the nicest professor I have ever had.   Although the material was boring, she went over everything in class and made sure you understood before moving on to new material. Always available for help. Went over material to be covered on exams.
1039516	Andrea	Parra	9
She is a great teacher! She tries really hard to make class interesting, and the class itself was really chill. Her exams draw a lot on being able to write and read in Spanish. Overall I would recommend taking her class!
Would definitely recommend Parra's class. She keeps her exams fairly straightforward but still assigns a good workload and assures that you understand everything. Also very kind, peaceful, and helpful.
Great, great Spanish professor. Extremely helpful and enthusiastic about her students. TAKE HER CLASS.
I love professor Parra! She is very kind and helpful. She is not very harsh on grades and always willing to help. If you have some points not understand, feel free to email her!!!!!! We can drop the lowest quiz and have an interest cultural diversity project ;)
She is an average grader, very nice and tries to keep the class interesting. This is not an EASY A and a lot of work goes into this class. She is strict about attendance which greatly affects your participation grade. The quizzes are actually not that easy and you need to study a lot
She is the best Spanish professor. Very nice and personable. I have made sure to register for her 150 course next semester. Be sure to take the four day class because the repetitveness kept me from having to study. You are guarenteed to get an A if you study and do the homework.
Sra. Parra was great! Her quizzes were really easy and she was really friendly. I personally loved the 4x a week option as it really helped you improve. Make sure to participate a lot and you'll do great.
Very nice, very patient, and is always willing to put in the time to help you if you need it. The class has a lot of busiwork, but that it not her doing. She tries to keep things exciting through including pop culture in assignments. I would suggest doing the 2x a week option not the 4x. Her only negative is that she is a tough participation grader
She grades really easy compared to what I've heard of other spanish professors. Just go to class and do the assignments (which are minimal) and you'll do fine. Easy A, especially if you have some past experience with Spanish.
1045770	Ping	Yang	9
Yang Lao Shi is a great teacher. She strongly believes in participation, so as long as you come to class willing to participate you should do well. There are a lot of projects, tests, quizzes, and homework assignments but these are all so that you practice using the language. It's not an easy class, but if you do the work you should do well. 
The bummer about her is that there's a lot of regular homework and you really have to show up to class due to quizzes and homework being due and such. On the bright side, it's really straightforward and easy homework, the tests are easy, and she is soooo nice! I never minded going to chinese class.
Great teacher but very demanding. Lots of information covered in class and quizzes and tests often. Not an easy A but a great class for anyone who actually wants to learn chinese.
She worked very hard but there was ttoo much homework, that was not always helpful but more like mechanical. We had a different professor at the end of the term and he was much more interactive and fun. But Yang Laoshi is nice, a bit more traditional style, if that's what you like.
I had her for three semesters of Chinese. She is rigorous ? many of my classmates said there was a lot more homework than with other professors ? but if you want to actually LEARN Chinese, she is the way to go. It's not easy to learn a language but she gives you everything you need. If you want an easy A, look elsewhere.
Professor Yang is enthusiastic, works hard to make sure her students learn, and really cares about China and the Chinese language!  She makes all lectures fun, and is very clear about what will be on tests.  She can sometimes keep you late, but otherwise she is a great teacher.  I have learned so much from this class!
She is very helpful and interested in how her students progress in class. Sometimes strict but also flexible in some situations. You just have to ask!
she's always available!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!she prepares well for her class and loves her student.
Ping Yang is not a very hard teacher, I thought she was very clear and it was obvious from the classes what would be on the tests. She is very understanding and genuinely wants to help you gain a knowledge of the language. Also, she is interested in learning about you which makes the class interesting as well. This is one of my favorite classes!
1477332	Julie	Nack Ngue	9
I would recommend taking a class with Professor Nack Ngue. Her class requires a great deal of reading and writing, but if you need help she is more then happy to lend a hand. If you take her class it is important to have an interest in the course description as you will be spending a great deal of time discussing and working in the subject matter.
Prof Nack Ngue is so sweet. She clearly loves what she's teaching about. Class is pretty interesting for a GE but gets boring towards the end. She's really sweet though and makes it worth taking.
Very enthusiastic and fun! She is also very helpful, but a little disorganized at times. Overall, would take her again or recommend.
She's really kind and genuinely wants to help her students out.
mme nack ngue is very nice and totally clear about assignments, if you put any effort at all in its a pretty easy A, though there is a decent amount of hw for an everyday class. the class itself does get tedious/boring but that is more a matter of the subject than the teacher
Julie is an amazing professor that is very hands-on with her teacher. There is a good amount of workbook homework, but overall the class is pretty easy and she's one of the best teachers in the department if you understand French well enough to begin with.
Maybe she was a good teacher for French 3, but definitely not for French 4 in my opinion. She is nice, yes, but she is very unclear about what homework to turn in and when. Class is very boring, she just keeps lecturing and students barely participate unless she points them out. Also a LOT of homework considering it is an everyday class. Hate it.
very nice and really cares about making her class informative and getting everyone speaking without being too pushy :)
Enthusiastic professor, extremely nice and helpful, genuinely cared for each of her students.  Class was structured around French films using the textbook and later L'Etranger.  6+ tests, couple compositions, 1 partner presentation.  Reasonable midterm and final.  Had friends with other French 3 profs and definitely think Julie is the best.
1564897	Julia	Chamberlin	9
She is awesome! Take her! She helps a lot and makes the class really enjoyable!
Julia is one of my favorite teachers at USC. She makes French class very fun. I looked forward to going to class everyday. She is drop dead beautiful too!!!
Professor Chamberlin is nice, encouraging, and fun. You need to come to class and do all of the homework, which can be time consuming but is not hard. If you have time, get ahead of the syllabus and you'll have a nice head start in class. Do not be afraid to participate a lot--you will improve and get much more out of it.
Very fun and enthusiastic!
Julia is the best professor you could ever ask for! She's the best one in the department. She is very helpful and engaging; her classes are fun and you learn a lot with her explanations. She's also understanding and reasonable with turning in homework and the like.
I loved French I! Julia keeps the class interesting and fun. She is enthusiastic and explains the material thoroughly. I found the class really easy; just do the homework, study a reasonable amount before each exam, and you'll be fine.
She's very nice and enthusiastic. I learned a lot and enjoyed the class. Definitely recommended.
Julia is so sweet! She's 100% enthusiastic and relatable. Just be prepared to speak every day, and know the details of your textbook grammar, because chances are good that it'll be on a test. Learned so much in this class, definitely take her!
Professor Chamberlin is excellent! I highly recommend any of her French classes. Attendance is mandatory, but classes are fun and entertaining.
459997	Marc	Jaffrey	9
a lot of people might think he's rude but its just the New York in him. trust me i know; i'm from there. and he is a little over the top tries to be difficult. but you really do have to study and for sure show him that you really do care about calc, not just your grades. overall, he was a pretty good professor. not that bad at all. :)
No Comments
Was somewhat arrogant and cocky. However, rest assured, there is a huge curve that will save you in the end.
No Comments
Go to office hours, they will help.
Go to office hours and he work with you till you get it.
I found that he was very helpful in office hours. If you make an effort to do well, he will make an effort to help you get a good grade.
Worst math teacher that has ever lived!
Instructor says everything is obvious ; he does not like students, he does not help or answer questions.Avoid at all cost!!!!!!
773028	Heather	Russell	9
PHENOMENAL.  Writes EVERYTHING you need to know on the board.  Struck a perfect balance between theory and practical examples.  Crystal clear when explaining material and incredibly helpful during office hours.  So nice.  If you have the opportunity to take her class,  TAKE IT.
She's a very clear, helpful professor. She spent a little too much time on proofs that she told us we didn't need to know anyway, but overall she's great and if you put in a decent amount of effort it's not hard to do well.
Helpful during office hours, but lectures are a complete waste. She spends very little time doing actual problems and wastes copious amounts of time on proofs that she specifically says we will never need to know for a test. Also unfairly gives out two versions of each test with one always being significantly harder. Avoid if at all possible.
One of the greatest math teachers I've ever had.  Super nice, super clear, super smart.  Even though she knows way more than Calculus I material, she still appears and acts very interested in the material.
Great teacher to look at it and really cares about you. She's a bit of a ditz sometimes and gets sidetracked pretty easily, but teaches the class well.
What a great TA! She seriously cares about you learning the material and does so much to just help each student. If you're lucky enough to take a class with her as the TA, I highly recommend it.
Good teacher....ridiculously odd how hot she is for being in the math department.
Two things to say, helpful, and oh so HOT.
She is EXTREMELY helpful and willing to take time to do what it takes to help you understand the subject. I HIGHLY reccommend her!
917806	Alan	Schumitzky	9
This professor really surprised me, he's actually pretty generous and reasonable. He gets confused sometimes in lecture, but he gives a lot of hints on what's going to be on the midterms (the problems of which are from previous finals). Theres also a huge curve.
Advantage: probably the easiest math 118 professor at USC, gives hints what will be on quizzes and mid-terms, relatively easy quizzes and mid-terms since they simply ask for basic concepts.     Disadvantage: very forgetful, forgets what he says in lectures, confuses himself and thereby confusing everyone else, boring classes
Sometimes hints what will be on quizes, very unclear about his lectures, forgets what he wrote or spoke of. Weird ways of teaching calculus, makes up random steps and dictates students to follow
His lectures are dry and border on incomprehensible, and he sometimes refuses to field questions.  You're lucky to get a word in edgewise when you go to office hours, and class material may not be fully explained and/or may be irrelevant to what is on the test.  Lovely man, would make a great grandfather, but can't teach to save his life. Stay away
Great professor. Let's you know exactly what will be on exams. Do some of the homework exercises and you are pretty much guaranteed an A. Helps if you have taken pre-calculus or Calculus in high school. Go to office hours! He's very helpful and understanding.
Difficult Prof, not an easy A.. take Jian instead, he's nice and more understanding
This is definitely not an easy A class... should have waited for the next semester to take this. Make sure you have time for all his assignments
NOT an easy class if you haven't taken calculus previously. Work hard from the beginning, go to office hours, go to discussion.
I liked him hes nice and as good as any other math professor, id reccomend him all the way
1699604	Aravind	Asok	9
Extremely unhelpful lectures  I learned from the textbook and my TA (who is good). After the first few weeks, no one really shows up to class. Assigns a TON of homework each week. He's a ridiculously hard grader for tests  if you forget to divide by 2, well it's minus 15 pts for you! Everyone's failing. It's great. Never take this guy.
Uses very confusing mathematical jargon, and speaks extremely fast in lecture. Very difficult to understand.  Get comfortable reading the text book
He assignes an enormous amount of homework which is graded every week. He talks very fast in lectures making it very hard to understand what he is saying or take any notes in his class.
very confusing. talks way too fast--can't listen and write down everything at the same. office hours were not helpful. self-taught myself just about everything for this class. would not recommend
He can be very unclear about everything he teaches. Good attitude. However, he is not that clear when he teaches and asking questions does not help too much.
He has a great attitude and is very alive in class, however I found myself teaching myself out of the book rather than his lectures. He spends most of the lectures solving extremely complex math problems but not explaining the simple steps behind them. Whenever I asked for help, he would not explain the problem I was asking about.
Very confusing and terrible lectures, didn't use any examples. I taught myself from the book after he left me confused every class. He was helpful in office hours though. Graded exams with little partial credit and gave us lots of surprises. The class had a big curve, probably because we had the lowest average test scores.
His homework assignments are long.  His office hours are sometimes helpful.  The main problem is lecture because he sometimes talks too fast and towards the end, he forgets to post online lectures.
For this course, he is a great professor!  His lectures are clear and his office hours are very helpful.  His homework assignments are long, but his course is good overall.
704268	Steve	Cunningham	9
Steve is an incredibly talented and smart individual. He is a great mentor and friend of mine now, in addition to being a good teacher. His classes are laid back. Sometimes its hard to dive into material in class, but if you go and work with Steve outside of class, you will learn a ton. He is one of the most talented people I have ever met.
Do not take his classes if you have documented learning challenges/disabilities. He did not follow through with my accommodations required by the university's disability services program.
steve is really easy, and he knows what he's talking about. he'll give you shortcuts and hints to complete a task that might take 5x the time to do by oneself. also, he said he'd take role but...
Steve knows his stuff. This class is very easy. Almost no work required. A few exercises that he basically tells you how to do, step by step. You have to create a website for the final project but if you've paid attention in class and at least sort of understand you will do fine. He tries to teach it all but there's too much you need to know.
hes easy but doesnt teach you anything. this class is irrelevant to the major. he tries to be funny but fails. hes knowledgeable about the info and experienced but boring. he lectures really fast too. 3-4 pop quizzes, 1 midterm, 2 papers, and a cumulative final. he does not prepare you at all for the final paper. he's pretty much useless as a prof.
Cunningham is cool, VERY EASY. But he doesn't really teach you much. He goes on about random stuff a lot of the times, and I walk away from most classes without much. 80% of the classes were just DVDs he played. If you actually want to learn something, I DO NOT recommend him
Pretty cool class. Definitely a very entertaining professor. Major tests are not too hard, but some of questions on the little quizzes he gives can catch you off-guard. Luckily, they aren't worth much. Overall, a good class with a very manageable course load.
Sweetest guy in the world.
Cunningham Freaking Rocks
1441823	Anastasia	Glasheen	9
I was surprised we didn't sing very much at all.  It is a choir class.  A lot of time was spend listening to her talk.  Do not show up late or infrequently.  She will get angry and humiliate you if she's in the mood.  Music selection is dated and boring.  I have had much nicer, fun Choir instructors in the past. Would not recommend this class.
Prof. Glasheen is very helpful and understanding with all. Very much loved singing in the class. Much respect for her! The textbook is your music, which is given
If you want to work on improving your voice by learning a little science and vocal technique from an amazingly knowledgable Prosessor, take this class! You will learn and she pours he heart into her students. If you to the homework and learn the songs, you will get an A. She is there for those who want to learn!
Dr. Glasheen is amazing. Her class was life changing. People in our class were so lazy and didn't try, so they took it out on her.  I hope she knows how amazing she is. Easy class no textbook.
While attending class is not mandatory because she posts all lectures on blackboard, you still have to go in order to turn in musical reflections. But you can leave right after. Make sure you follow directions on the reflections and the term paper. The content is not challenging, but if you don't follow instructions she will dock you heavily.
I enjoyed this class a lot. Really nice professor. MAKE SURE you follow her specific guidelines in the reaction papers though. She will dock points if your margins are a centimeter off. High interest and enthusiastic professor. Broadway lovers, this class is a must.
I thought it was really easy for a 400, but I do love Broadway. She really knows what she's talking about. Gets sidetracked easily, and it's not clear what she wants from the bibliography, it's true. Midterm and final aren't too difficult, just listen to the songs on the syllabus a few times beforehand. I liked the class a lot.
This is a great class for musical theatre lovers (I am one.) Really interesting looking into musicals. I only have a few tiffs. Her guidelines for Works Cited and some of the reaction papers were a little unclear. Might not be good for people not into musical theatre. Other than that, she was very high energy and a lot of fun.
not as interesting as I was expecting.  It's ok.
1514612	Robin	Jeshion	9
Friendly and helpful in office hours, class was discussion based and lots of fun. Very open to new opinions and encourages students to think and debate during classes.
Worked my ass of in this class, went every time, sat up front, participated and was on the cusp of a b/c. she gave me a 2% lower participation grade than i needed to keep my b. on a better note, explains everything thoroughly and is nice to talk to. hard grader. wouldnt recommend still though unless you REALLY love philosophy
She was clear and engaging in class.
So boring. She tries so hard to buy into the whole philosophy thing (with the use of diction and tone). Anyways, you don't need to go to class, you don't need to buy the book. About 55% of your grade is determined by discussion+papers.. Blank study guide provided for midterm/final, fill this out and you'll do fine.I'll prob end up with A, A-, or B+
God, she's terrible. Takes entire class period to go over 3 PP slides. Never seems to understand what students are saying when she asks for opinions, even though it's blatantly obvious to everyone else - maybe that's a downside of being a "philosopher," overthinking. Tests/material are super easy, but I got a 'B' b/c  my TA graded papers kinda hard
I don't think I ever paid attention for the full 90 minute class. She's hard to listen to and understand. My TA was awesome though. You can skip lecture completely if you always go to discussion. The content of the course itself is interesting, and I'm glad I took it just for the info. You can study the night before and still get A's on everything
Extremely dry and confusing lectures with an overemphasis on sexual topics. She's definitely not "all there" and has the ability to make what would ordinarily be interesting material excruciating. Basically, she's there because of her resume, not teaching merit.
One of my favorite classes at USC. If I'd taken it sooner, I would have switched to a philosophy major.
Avoid if possible
1583258	Todd	Gish	9
cool teacher. took at 8am so content seemed dry, but was easy enough to understand. take good notes. not a lot of room for error and isn't a particularly easy grader but if you work at it you can do well. participating in class is a must. lots of reading and lots of reading quizzes.
Gish is really passionate about the material. There are in class quizzes so attendance is important.
Professor Gish has been my favorite professor thus far. He made the content extremely easy to understand and very interesting to learn about. He is passionate about Urban Development, and it shows in his teaching style. There were reading quizzes almost every monday, 1 midterm, 1 final, and 2 case study memorandums. Overall AMAZING class!
Great lecturer and if you show invested interest in the projects by emailing him well before the deadline he will grade you a lot easier. Didn't read once and managed to get Cs on the quizzes and As on the tests and projects. His lectures cover everything you need to know. One of those teachers you want to get a beer with after the semester.
Favorite class of Freshman year! Professor Gish is an easy going guy and is always willing to help if you put interest in the material. Read the textbook before class. Even though I'm an international student and a little bit shy, he encouraged me to talk in class and express my opinions. You won't regret taking his class.
Extremely Helpful, makes the material interesting and constantly engages the class by asking questions, conducting activities, etc. Downside: reading quizes usually every other Monday. If you read, no need to worry. Just make sure you are not late on Mondays! Also only 5 quizes are counted towards 10% of your grade.
The class wasn't super easy, but not bad. also he was a cool guy and made me love the subject.  he did take attendance, sometimes with quizzes, but it wasn't that big of a deal.  his quizzes relied on the readings, but his lectures were super informative and wonderful for note taking. I'd recommend him.
I find Professor Gish to be a very good teacher.  The course is very interesting, his power-point gives good notes, for the written assignment and exams he gives students an outline of exactly what he wants so if you follow that it's easy to do well. You can get by with only doing the reading from Levy. I would strongly recommend this class.
If you have the chance to take Bridenbach (&#63;) -  Do not hesitate! Don't take Gish. Many reading quizzes, unfair grader, you will not end up disliking Urban Planning...what a damn shame.
14820	Saori	Katada	9
Very helpful and clear, esp during office hours if you go. Dont HAVE to read but need to read the articles for midterm and final. Country report graded relatively easily but tests graded harder. Also, this class is not like IR358 (Asia Pacific) - half the class is completely dedicated to IPE (not history or security). 
One of the best classes for those interested in East and Southeast Asia. Professor Katada is a fantastic lecturer, and she is also a very sweet woman. Not an easy A per say (the cutoff is a 95), but also not too difficult. She presents the material very straightforward. Reading is necessary, but interesting. She is awesome!
RECOMMEND for anyone wants to learn more about politics/IR in East/ South Asian countries. Prof. Katada is very knowledgable on the subjects and she's great to talk. She explains her materials well and organize the class in a medium-pace, which suits most people. RECOMMENDED!
great professor! take her! very clear instructions for every assignment, even the midterms!
Great professor
she is a great professor!
Excellent prof
DeferenceToAuthority&mannerWillBeNoted to her;OR tell her nippon that can say NO
No Comments
34376	Howard	Gillman	9
No Comments
No Comments
Made legalese interesting for laypeople. There were a lot of lawyer wannabees in the class, but this is definitely NOT just for people who want to go to law school.  I learned A LOT from this class!
Single best prof I had at USC.  I enjoyed his con law class (for undergrads) so much I took a small constitutional theory seminar from him as well.  Very intelligent, a great lecturer, and an incredibly devoted teacher.  Two years after I graduated he still responds promptly to emails and does recs on request.  Fantastic, can't praise him enough.
Funny, cool guy. Rides for democrats how can you hate that&#63;!
Can quote Lincoln speeches verbatim, segue from any tangent, and make you want to discuss con law cases.  Have yet to meet someone who is more brilliant or loves to teach.  (He’s even patient with undergrads…unusual when a prof is that reknown.)
No Comments
Awesome professor.  Knows his stuff inside and out- funny to boot.
No Comments
1485933	Allison	Dundes-Renteln	9
Not the easiest GE, but will expand your legal knowledge slightly. She's a highly educated professor who's very into academics and takes the GE a little to seriously. A lot o assigned readings. Midterms are very content heavy and she doesn't help out much. It's very possible to get an A- but you have to work pretty hard for it. TA's help out a lot.
DO NOT TAKE HER. Lectures are impossible to decipher. 15 page paper  is very difficult to write because the subject matter is like another language and she does not allow TA to help. Ignores all requests to make the lectures and materials easier to understand. Total nightmare class. Never worked so hard for a B+ in my life. Doesn't give A's
I am confused why so many of you have rated her low. True, she speaks very fast but when students inquire about visuals, she is happy to accompodate and provide slides. She prepares students very well for e mid term and final. There is also a paper project 15 pages due with topics that she picks. The research was complex because of the USC library.
She speaks at the speed of light, however her lectures are interesting and there is only a mid term, final and one paper, however the final is cumulative and getting an A requires a LOT of work! really good class, but only if you are interested in law!
Prof. Renteln is very intelligent and her lectures cover very interesting topics/cases. However, as many have already mentioned, she speaks very quickly and the tests are based mostly on her lectures. I personally enjoyed the course& think it's a great intro for those interested in law. However, it is a little too intense for a 100 level GE course.
Very brilliant professor. Clearly knows her subject. Speaks very complexly and difficult to understand lecture concepts. Very fair on exams and gives lots of choice so don't have to know everything she talks about, about half. Very nice and willing to help but office hours are often as confusing as lecture. VERY HARD GE. Prepare to work hard
Way too hard for a GE course. If you take it with P/NP, it may be good.
Prof. Renteln is brilliant, there is absolutely no denying that. The course content is very interesting. However, she speaks ridiculously fast during lectures which makes it nearly impossible to understand the material/take accurate notes.Tests are based entirely on lectures....see the problem&#63;  Other than that, it's a pretty good course to take.
BRILLIANT WOMAN, TERRIBLE INSTRUCTOR. Goes thru lectures too quickly. She isnt helpful at all if you go see her. I met with her and she acted like I was wasting her time and offered no help for the final paper. AVOID AT ALL COST.
1636437	Jane	Junn	9
Pretty straightforward. If you show up to class and listen to her lectures, you're likely to get a good grade. She's also very helpful and cares about her students. 
Professor Junn is by far the best professor in the Political Science Department. She is not only engaging and fun, but really wants you to do well. She preps you on all exams, lets you pick your own paper topic, and brings snacks to the midterm and final. She is a true inspiration, you would be missing out if you didn't take her at least once!
Prof Junn is truly an amazing human being. She's so understanding and helpful. There is a group project but don't stress! She gives great feedback and helps you every step of the way. She really know what she's talking about. All her classes include lecture outlines! She brought us snacks on test day. So fun and engaging! 
Professor Junn is hands down one of the best political science professors at USC. Always willing to help and truly devoted to teaching the curriculum in a non-bias way. Always open to discussion and debate. Not to mention, super cool and really with it.
Junn brought us lunch every class and we mainly held conversations as well as workshoped each others papers-->it was totally bananas but also a ton of fun. She let you research anything you wanted and even helped me get turned onto great Marxist philos like Herbert Marcus while balancing it with conservatives Sam Huntington (clash of civilizations)
I've had the pleasure of taking both courses taught by Prof. Junn. She does a great job at helping students understand concepts and is quite funny! It is very easy to do well in her class if you read the texts, show up and pay attention. Exams are straightforward. It was a joy to take.
One of the best POSC profs I have had. Gives you everything you need to know in a review sheet at the start of each class. Tests are really easy as she makes it a point to go over the main points extensively. Really nice and won't try to trick you on the exam. Uses great in class examples to demonstrate points.
Prof. Junn's lectures are extremely clear and based on the assigned readings. She is very willing to help and makes herself available to students all the time. She's very amiable and the syllabus breakdown is simple and straightforward. Very easy to do well in her class.
Gives you a sheet with lecture outline each class. Group project is easy (20%), participation 20%, paper (20%), and a final is 40%. She's really smart, she's funny and also down to earth. Recommend her.
693766	Kim	Lindsey	9
she was the best professor i've had at usc. she is incredibly smart and keeps lectures interesting. if you go to class, you will know all the short answers on the exam...my virtual child is a bit too much busywork though.
Very interesting class, great professor. She was also accommodating and sympathetic when a personal crisis required me to ask for several extensions.
Dr. Lindsey is a GREAT professor.  She keeps the lecture interesting and posts her main ideas on blackboard.  She cares about her students.  Tests are fair and require you to read the chapters assigned.
Dr. Lindsey is a character. She's really spirited in class; this is not a class you will readily fall asleep in. She focuses her tests on both the lecture material and the textbook, so don't slack on either. She loves giving extra credit opportunities and seems to care about her students. She also heavily relies on her TAs.
I really liked Developmental Psychology.  The tests were straightforward and covered information from lectures.  The only bad part was the lab section, which was dumb.
.
she lectures entirely too fast, and she doesnt even seem to know the info herself as she reads directly from the slides. I hate the class.  We have dumb assignments due every single class...and then the TAs have the nerve to grade one of the assignments harshly when we all know its just busy work.
Awful... preaching... lectures were unimportant and useless.
No Comments
593614	Wanda	Jewell	9
Great professor! Very helpful!
Prof Jewell was a good teacher, she cares about you as a student and really wants you to understand the material. With that being said she sometimes is organized and definitely has students she prefers over others. I personally REALLY enjoyed her, but I know others did not have a positive experience.
Wonderful Prof. Tons of knowledge!
Jewell  was an OK professor. She displayed an enthusiasm to teach, but she can be judgemental at times. She grades papers by disregarding the things you say and giving you a negative mark because it is not how she would say it. When you confront her about it, she will get defensive. She is not a bad professor to take, but I will not take her again.
Prof Jewell took extra time to make sure students understand the material and the assignments.  Always made herself available outside of class.  Seems to to truly care that her students learn the material.  Gives great real-life examples.  Only downside is she uses a lot of meditation exrcises in class, which is not for everyone.
Great Prof for 1st year Practice classes...fairly easy and FAIR grader.  Great classroom environment and wonderful person! Highly recommended!
She is the best Practice professor to have your first semester...She creates such a welcoming enviornment that you would forget it was a class.  Grades fairly! SHE IS GREAT!
No Comments
No Comments
1001979	Steve	Bush	9
Professor Bush is an AMAZING teacher. I learned so much in his class and he is genuinely passionate about what he does!! You will laugh, cry, and be inspired in his class! He is a hard grader, but you are better off taking a hard class, learning a lot and getting a B, than taking an easy class and learning nothing for an A. 
Professor B. is one of the best Professors at USC. I learned a lot from him. True that he doesn't have LCSW, so what! He teaches well, know his materials, strong practice experiences, a license is just a piece of paper,a true leader is the one that has the greatest experience & Professor B definitely has it all!Want to be a true leader,take him! ~2
Nice enough guy, but little emphasis on reading. I don't get how an unlicensed man can teach a practice class, without being a licensed LCSW. Seems a little off and doesn't pass the smell test. Class was fine, but I am afraid USC's rankings are about to tank. USC needs to spend more time vetting lecturers. LCSWs should only teach a practice class.
Great as a person. As a professor, the power points can get a little boring. Little emphasis on doing class readings. Generous on attendance policy. Difficult grader but just be sure to ask questions and address every little thing he asked for. Very approachable and friendly.
Bush is such an awesome Professor! He cares for each of his students and appreciates the individuality of each student as well. You will learn SO much if you take his class, about social work and also about yourself.
He keeps things real and practical. He truly cares for each of his students. He is hilarious and makes class very enjoyable!

No Comments
he becomes your homie
1018671	Michal	Sela-Amit	9
Sela-Amit is a great, warm, Socratic-method professor. You will learn a lot from her. She isn't an easy grader, but she isn't a tough one either. She's also incredibly considerate of her students, asking them if they're doing OK and managing the work. She encourages open discussion.
Dr. Sela-Amit is a very difficult but very knowledgeable professor.  Really emphasizes discussion and participation.  Also make sure you read because she tends to refer to the readings throughout the class.  Although she is a little vague in her expectations she did offer a lot of helpful feedback.
I really enjoyed this class and would recommend it to anyone. Professor Sela-Amit is wonderful, she brings so much humor to the classroom and you can tell how much she cares about her students. One of the best professors I have had at USC.
Extremely caring about her students. She pushes you, but it is only because she wants to make you the best practitioner that you can be. If you go to her office hours she will help you a lot. Loved her class!
Knowledgeable of the subject and presents in a clear manner. Good use of power points. Ensures students engage in the discussion.
Offers no guidance to students. Explains what she expects AFTER things are due. Does not allow students to state their own interpretations and perceptions in their work. She instead prefers that you do things her way.
Amazing! Take her class, you won't regret it.

She is the best!
1641879	Rhacel	Parrenas	9
Lecture is pretty boring, but you don't have to go if you do the readings. Class is an easy A, but she doesn't contribute any insights just reads off the slides full of typos. Unwilling to help will refer you to a TA. Only 1/3 of the class is about hooking up the rest is like immigration and welfare. Got an A skipped 90% of lecture.
Parrenas is awesome. The class (questions of intimacy) itself is SO easy. 2 midterms, 1 paper, and a take home final. Interesting topics and overall just a cool class. I recommend it for sure.
Professor Parrenas is awesome - she really knows what she is talking about and she's super nice and funny. If you do the readings and come to class, there shouldn't really be any reason not to get an A. Pretty simple class structure - midterm, 2 short papers, and final. The class material is extremely valuable and interesting - best GE ever.
Fairly easy class, certain topics can be interesting and certain aren't. The writing class tied with it has easier prompts than the other ge's. Those who complained that the class was hard are just terrible students. I barely tried, just went to class, took down average notes, participated in discussion. Take home final.
Professor herself was quite engaging and fun. TAs were not helpful at all and graded quite harshly for a GE. After the first semester, I'm assuming they have figured out the grading system and it might actually be quite easier this semester.
weird class
The professor was enthusiastic but if you care about your grade don't take this class. They had trouble deciding what they want from their students. This class was definitely harder than my other GE's. I wouldn't recommend this class to anyone.
The professor was really engaging, funny, and knows what she is talking about. She always tries to engage the class in discussions because the topics are so relevant to present day situations. The only downside is she doesn't handle grades which leaves the TA's up to full disclosure.
She was my favorite professor. She was funny, she kept the class interesting, she had a lot to say, she loves teaching, and the class itself was truly an experience you don't find anywhere else (It's a GE called questions of intimacy). Highly recommend it, and wouldn't have chosen a better GE. Plus, it's not the most challenging class either.
1752839	Brady	Potts	9
Potts is one of the BEST professors at USC! HE is understandable and very engaging! He emphasizes on key things! Especially for the conflict theory! There is a lot of reading but the concepts in this class will form your foundation for other sociology courses!
Miserably boring class. Grades very hard. Lectures consist of useless powerpoints filled with quotes from the book. You have teach yourself the material. Potts is never accessible via email. Grades almost never returned to you and takes FOREVER grading papers and exams.
I like Potts even though some people complained that the class was boring (pretty much everyone is just on their laptop during class).  I found it interesting. He grades a little on the hard side.  Really helpful to go to office hours to clarify material and show that you care about your grade.  I got by without purchasing any of the books.
His midterms and finals are fair. He makes hard concepts understandable and class discussions are always interesting. Expect to analyze and make your own conclusions! A lot of sociology classes at USC don't ask that of students.
Prof Potts is the man! It's really refreshing to have had a teacher that has a sense of humor and a heart. Good amount of reading, hefty amount of writing, but he's very helpful.Read, do your assignments, take him up on his office hours. He's not a "hard" teacher, you just have to put in the effort and you will be rewarded. Plus he likes Radiohead.
Not an easy A. I would suggest doing the readings and participating (very easy with only 14 other students) to do well in the class. Potts is a pretty tough grader when it comes to written assignments, so either be a good writer or go to office hours for help. I really enjoyed his class, he made a potentially boring subject pretty interesting.
Intelligent man, bad professor. Assignments are very random and are usually 2 months after they've been turned in... He assumes everyone understands the material when in reality they don't. Wouldn't recommend AT ALL.
What a nice guy! Show you care about your grade and he will do what he can to help you get the grade you want. LOVE YOU POTTS
Awesome class!!! Potts is a great teacher-you will learn so much. You definitely have to work hard and spend time doing the readings, but the material is usually pretty-if not very interesting. He shows several clips from movies and lots of picture slide shows that are interesting. He's just overall very chill, and I think hes a genis.
1815748	Emir	Estrada	9
class was much more work than expected of a 100 level class. Expected to do over 100 pgs of reading  a week. very unclear for assign requirements. biased in her class structure. Only focused on rights for latinos and hispanics rather than all races and people in general. You will do well as long as you agree with her views on hispanic rights.
I liked the assigned readings  because they were interesting, and educational.  Estrada was not very clear about what she was looking for on big assignments and failed to use rubrics. She takes long to answer emails. The only exam we had was our midterm. Andchoose your group wisely because you might be expected to work with them all semester long. 
nice woman, lectures are kinda boring but whatever. powerpoints are all online. you can skim through the readings. going to class will help but you don't really have to, her tests are easy if you look through the powerpoints and go to class sometimes. group assignments are meh. easy A in my opinion
She a nice person. The class was annoying, the lectures were boring, and the 5 pop quizzes (5% each,5 pts each) were based on the readings. Class is out of 100 points so if you mess up, you mess up. She offers extra credit but it is annoying. You will get offended in this class. Just do the work, get through it.  Very annoying.
Easy class to pass, sexy teacher to look at, no reading necessary.
Very easy class if you put the time in. I was pledging and rarely read everything, yet still pulled out a B.  Estrada is a great lecturer; one thing I would suggest is to make sure you show up to class, I missed two in-class quizzes and it dropped my grade. Overall, very fair and straightforward, just make sure to show up to class.
This class is too good for words. Estrada cares a lot about students & is super helpful/interesting. LOTS of extra credit & take-home final. She sometimes brings popcorn for movies & threw a party for us on the last day! You learn a lot, but it's not too hard. Go to office hours because she likes to get to know people! A MUST TAKE FOR GE 6/DIV!
this class is fun and the professor is great. The study guide is more than enough for the midterm. Final might be a take home if you convince her. Pay attn. to her slides (you can scan through the readings) and you'll find the answers to the quizzes/exams. Awesome professor and I loved the class.
This class is helpful, fun, and the professor is great. Her exams are easy, you can get the answers from slides and/or readings. Do the extra credit, it helps a lot. Before any assignment is due she can review the assignment and provide you with feedback and it will make a huge difference. You can ask her for a take home exam instead of in class :)
1914308	Ann	Owens	9
She's super nice and easy to approach, which, in combination with an easy class, made it such a good way for me to get my GE VI and diversity out of the way. The essays in class are straightforward - she outlines exactly what you need to mention. Participation is mandatory (TopHat attendance), but you can zone out during class and do extremely well
Definitely recommend - satisfies GE6 and diversity. Grading depends on your TA, but they are generally very reasonable. Rubric on how she grades is laid out completely for you, so just answer the questions. She covers topics very thoroughly, so you don't have to read at all... though it is recommended.. haha
One of the best professor I have had. Extremely knowledgable, clear, open for questions. Easy grader; homework is very limited. Very easy to get A.
She was a great and clear lecturer. There are papers but they were not very hard at all. Just show up and do your participation credit, and you'll be guaranteed a good grade for sure. 
Professor Owens was one of my favorite teachers at USC.  She is so clear with the material you are dealing with and is always so willing to help.  Participation matters, so chime in when you can, it's easy and fun because everything is so interesting. NO tests. EASY and fun papers. TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!
Lectures are super long but it tells you everything you need to know. She makes lectures interesting with video clips and jokes. There are no tests at all and only 3 papers (one is a final). Make sure to show up to class because it is mandatory and it is a part of your grade. There is discussion but each week a group presents.
This class had me truly engaged in the material. Lectures can be long, but Owens keeps things interesting with jokes or a short clip. Lectures can replace the reading. Attendance counts. Participation in discussion counts.  There are 3  papers, final paper gets commented on by the TA before final submission.  The rest are very straight-forward.
Professor Owens is a very nice, interesting lecturer that gives the average student taking this class as a GE a great experience exploring social problems. There are no tests, but instead 3 papers, including the final paper (no final exam). She does take attendance, but lecture is interesting and a great substitute instead of doing the reading.
Owens is the one of the most helpful professors I have had at USC. The class is very interesting. The sociology method behind the class isn't as straight forward as you think, but Owens does a great job explaining. I would definitely take this class again. It isn't extremely difficult, but you learn a lot and are able to actually enjoy the content.
1627028	Vianey	Cabrera	9
You don't even need to read anymore rates because she is by far the easiest teacher at USC. I have never done so well in a Spanish Class before taking her class, and it's not like I got any better, she is just THAT easy of a grader. I bombed my final interview with her, or so I thought, and I got an A. She is a nice lady who wanted me to pass.
she is really patient and interesting 
I am in love with her! She is the best professor I've had at USC. She is so kind, so sweet, and an all around great teacher and person. As long as you do the work and show up to class, there's no way you won't do well. She's so amazing, I wish i was taking her next year!
I took spanish 2 & 3 with her and didn't need to take the finals since i was taking it pass or no pass. She is the nicest professor I've ever had, If you need help she has no problem explaining until you understand.  Shes a very fair grader and does not make you feel inintimidated at all in the oral interviews. BEST SPANISH TEACHER AT USC BY FAR!
Super easy class! She is an extremely fair grader. If Spanish is really hard for you, take her because you will get a good grade if you at least try. If you've taken Spanish before and have experience, there's no way you can't get an A with her.
Cabrera is really nice. She tries to help you as much as possible and really wants you to learn the material. The class can be difficult at times, but if you do well on projects, quizzes, and interviews, the class isn't that hard. Don't miss a class.
shes a great teacher- i have taken spanish classes all my life and she is the best yet, very caring and kind. You will really enjoy her class, one of the coolest teach at SC by far.
Great professor. I would love to take classes from her again. She actually goes over grammar concepts in detail. Tests are challenging. She is willing to help!
In all of my years taking Spanish I have never met a teacher that clearly explained and overviewed topics in such detail. She is a great professor. The class is challenging, but manageable. I would recommend her to anyone that wants to LEARN spanish and that is willing to put in the work to get an A.
830477	Beth	Hogan	9
Beth is honestly amazing. I had heard before that she wasn't the best acting teacher, but so far she is my favorite. Her class is exciting, challenging, and even when you aren't working she keeps you interested. She pushes you and her direction is always helpful and makes sense for the scene and you. She wants you to succeed and I learned so much.
I really enjoyed Beth. In 252 if you're a committed actor you will definitely benefit from her lessons. She teaches you how to act, not perform, and I appreciate everything I've learned from her. This year I've seen that the people who say she's obsessed with sex just aren't willing to push their boundaries, and weren't great actors either.
I have had Beth twice now and I really enjoy having her as a teacher. She can be a bit unclear, but she will help you improve your acting skills. She is also always willing to help with auditions and such outside class.
Beth can ramble a bit and isn't always clear when giving instructions and advice. However, she really does care about her students and she will take extra time to help you with your scenes. Class can be a bit repetitive but you will also learn to let go and just act.
I had Beth for 101 and I will forever turn students away from her.  She class is all about sex.  The entire class doesn't change.  You just get up and repeat or watching things being repeated.  Her advice is just other things she has repeated.  Not much learning had.  Want an A&#63; Make out with someone in a scene.  Guaranteed.
I used to love theatre and acting. Now I'm not so sure. I did not enjoy this class. I also developed bad habits that I did not have prior to the class. She crossed the line of what is acceptable with some students as well.
While I learned a lot in this class, I had some definite issues with some things. Sometimes she was extremely vague with directions and often rambled for a good ten minutes for what we wanted to do. It was a tad irritating that often the same people got to work, but a lot of people didn't volunteer. Overall, the class was alright.
I love Beth's class.  She does speak in abstractions, but how else does one speak of technique in the theatre&#63; Besides, we DO most of what the abstractions represent, and she always explains WHY we do the exercises. Also, I got a decent amount of personal feedback. She's always willing to talk after class, as well. She's both supportive and honest.
Beth is extremely impersonal, and for an acting teacher the energy she brings to class is pretty uncomfortable. If this weren't an acting class, it wouldn't be quite so terrible, but it is very difficult to feel really at ease with her. She talks a lot in generalities and rarely engages students with feedback on a personal level. Not recommended.
1250144	Kevin	Long	9
This guy is awesome. He is an amazing professor and he wants you to learn.
Just one of those guys that you have to love! He's a great teacher. He's helpful, which is nice, because the essays aren't exactly easy if you haven't been taught the college way to write. Effort and commitment go a long way though. The class feels like a community too. I just really loved his class.
Awesome teacher, awesome guy. Really cares, even if he knows the subject/SI class sucks. Very entertaining as well.. definitely the most enjoyable class I had this semester. Only side note is that he grades pretty difficult, but you can still get a good grade if you participate and do extra on the small stuff. Barely any reading. Great class!
Not only a great professor but a really funny and genuine person. Take WRIT 140 with him. Seroiusly, just do it.
Great with recommending different approaches to essays with regard to your personal style. Hilarity will ensue, guaranteed. One of the most personal and entertaining classes I've had at the university.
He's really a funny and competent teacher. But I have to say he's quite strict compared with some other writing teachers.
best professor ive had at usc. take writing 140 with him.
No Comments
he makes writing 140 really laid back
1279789	William 'Yance'	Wyatt	9
Engaging, inspirational, and enlightening. Super nice person and a tough grader. 
I loved Mr. Wyatt as a professor. Super engaging, enthusiastic(sometimes overenthusiastic), but genuinely a very good person who is always there to care for his students and truly wants them to become better writers. Definitely choose Yance for your 150 professor. 
Yance was by far the best instructor I had during my four years at USC. His lessons are informative, instructive, and entertaining. He pushes you to be a better writer (and you will be) without making you feel overwhelmed by the amount of coursework required for the class. Though I recently graduated, I'd go back just to take this class again.
Smart, clear, beautiful.
best teacher I have ever had!!!
awesome guy. best prof i've ever had at usc. makes relatively dull class very enjoyable.

One of the best teachers Ive ever had. So involved, really cares about the subject and although writ 340 is terrible because of the workload (a paper every three weeks) Yance makes it enjoyable. He cracks jokes and tells stories all through class. Plus hes so cute!
Yance actually made WRIT a fun and enjoyable class. He genuinely cares for his students (it really shows!) and teaches in a straightforward, organized fashion. The comments and feedback he gives regarding our essays are invaluable. He grades fairly (a BIG plus for WRIT 140). And as a person, he's super chill and nice :). Highly recommended.
1435371	Marianne	Wiggins	9
Wiggins is really good about adapting her critique to your writing styletopic, so it's ok if you're not an artsy writer. But she will tell you what you're doing wrong, so if you're looking for nicey-nice, don't take her. If you want to grow as a writer, she's amazing. Tough but eccentric-fun and really wants to see you improve - and you will.
She was kind of eclectic - definitely an artist/writer personality, kind of scatterbrained.  Did not have a syllabus or any real class structure. We only wrote 1 paper the entire semester and it was an autobiography. Easiest class ever and a pretty nice professor to boot.  Seemed to have genuine interest in her students and their stories.
She is very harsh and calls people out during class. There are no guidelines or structure, as she never even gave out a syllabus. She does not actually teach anything, although she claims you will learn tons about life from her class. While there was little work involved, I wish I had spared myself from ever encountering a professor like this.
Amazing teacher. This class was challenging and Professor Wiggins does not sugar coat her critiques. She is honest, knows her stuff, and imparts a love and a respect for language which make her students better writers.
Great professor, very straight forward about her expectations of the class.
An extremely inspirational professor.  Award winning author.  Gave us stories to read each class.  Was really sweet, but could also be blunt and a bit harsh.  I would definitely take this class again.
The intro to fiction class is a lot different than taking a writing GE. Professor Wiggins is helpful in shaping the class so that it fits the students needs. She brought in so much useful material and introduces amazing pieces.
I took her for ARLT 100: The Art of Autobiography. One essay (which is the midterm) and it is straightforward. Final is the 20 page autobiography (that you have been working on all semester). Unconventional style. Games and skits. She is a bit disorganized, so if you need structure, you're not going to get it from her.
Very enthusiastic professor. She can rub off the wrong way at times, but she's very accomplished and is very passionate about her subject material. Getting an A is pretty easy, and the final is a TON of fun. You don't want to miss this class!
1509764	Amanda	Bloom	9
The thing that I liked about Amanda the most is her honesty and I feel this is the one class where I feel she respected everyone's opinion and always encouraged discussion. She will teach you to write more fluently but the rest is on you. Just as I am procrastinating on my A5 to write this, just make good decisions and this class will be awesome.
Best English teacher I've had.
Best Professor I've ever had. Hands down. A fantastic woman... if you have the chance to take a class with her, you MUST.
LOVE HER. She's fun, sassy, and keeps things interesting. I'm an engineer and usually don't get along with writing/english teachers, but this woman was fantastic. She rewarded hard work rightfully, and was really down to earth and "cool." Too bad the Writ 140 course sucks in general.
Going in to this class I was dreading the fact that I would always have a paper looming over my head. Not only did Amanda make this class bearable, she made it enjoyable. Her useful feedback helped me gain a lot of confidence in my writing. I can honestly say that this is the best class ever taught by the coolest teacher ever.
Okay, awesome teacher. To those who claim she didn't improve their writing just didn't utilize the materials she handed out/taught and her availability. She is not only understanding, but further encourages you to push the boundaries, see the bigger picture as well as the up-close one, and provides actual INTELLECTUAL STIMULATION. Fav teacher @usc!
She is really nice and understanding which helps. However, I'm not sure if her teaching actually improved my writing. Not an easy class.
Honestly, one of my favorite classes and professors at USC so far.  Ms. Bloom is enthusiastic, helpful, and just a wonderful teacher.  Definitely learned a lot from this class.  The work you put into the class will pay off in the end!
not sure that my writing truly improved.. but at least she's pretty chill and frequently extends deadlines.
1360076	Fatemeh	Ibrahimi Nazarian	8
Professor Nazarian is very approachable and admirable. I have come across very few professors that are encouraging as she is. I highly recommend her.
Would recommend. Very knowledgeable of the subject area and frequently ties class topics to current events.
Extremely nice professor and teaches things crystal clear. However, if you are looking for an easy A don't take this class. Be prepared to study really hard.
Worst Professor ever! she thinks she is the best, but literally comes to class and goes over her sloppy notes. you can save time and study at home on your own. Don't take her!!!
Great class! One of the most enjoyable ones out of my whole college career.
The Professor is very passionate about what she teaches which is nice. There are three exams and she always drops the lowest score. Nevertheless her classes aren't easy.
Tests are multiple choice and pretty straightforward if you study. She's a very nice person who wants you to do well, but she doesn't seem to enjoy teaching undergraduates.
pretty easy class but don't even try going to her office hours. Most unhelpful professor I have ever had.
1764885	Alex	Yufik	8
Very nice man.  Loves what he does.  Will explain any material that doesn't make sense.  Does go off on long tangents.  Attending class isn't that necessary if you take good notes from the text.  Tests are all multiple choice.  Does do random group assignments in class to count attendance (usually at the end)
Dr. Yufik is an amazing teacher! He brings real life examples to class from his vast amount of experience. He's extremely animated and makes a 4 hour class very interesting. Just go to class and read the textbook and you'll do just find. I highly recommend this class!
Fun teacher and keeps the subject matter very interesting. I highly recommend this class!
You can technically miss classes and still get As on exams if you read the book religiously. Interesting class, but Dr. Yufik's teaching style was not really compatible with the way I learn. Overall, satisfying experience, but I wouldn't repeat it with Yufik for sure.
4 exams worth 50 points. 20 points for participation. 10 points of extra credit available. Really great teacher. Engaging and keeps you interested in the subject. It is 3 hours though. If you do the study guide and read, you'll do great. Note though, he does sing Opera if the class does participate/answer his questions!
Amazing class. 4 exams, multiple choice+true/false. Such a great lecturer, teaches  relevant/useful/interesting information. Obviously you should have some interest in the subject, but if you do he will not disappoint. I was actually excited to go to this class. He has a J.D. and a Psy.D, which makes the material he teaches really well rounded.
It's a 3 hour class, but Dr. Yufik keeps everyone engaged. Very interesting material, all about crime and criminals. If you enjoy crime shows, I recommend this class to anyone!
Must attend the lectures, read  textbooks and also the blackboard readings. All multiple choice, 3 exams and one final. hard, but his tests get easier. because it's hard everyone gets all the questions wrong, so he gives out free points. boring but it's once a week. make sure to just be there; then you'll get easy 20 points. do extra credit
421820	William	Holder	8
The book is vague and the problems in the book are not hard like the ones on the test, so problems or examples from the chapter are not helpful. I think with this class you have to use the internet and library accounting books to get a detailed explanation. Also, this teacher lectures, and the homework problems to match the test.
Nightmare
DO NOT TAKE HOLDER EVER! WAY TOO HARD FOR AN INTRODUCTORY ACCOUNTING CLASS
DO NOT TAKE HIM!Holder said on the very first day that he wanted to get more students majoring in accounting through his class. However, I, a current accounting major student, have lost all my interests in accounting in his class. He is so boring and not helpful at all!
Dean Holder is a very pleasant guy who likes to joke with his students. The older reviews are too harsh; he can and does explain concepts fairly clearly. His lectures aren't very structured and he doesn't use powerpoints so it's difficult to take notes, but the tests are pretty straightforward and everything you need to know is in the textbook.
I was so excited at first when got to know the dean of accounting is teaching my class . But to be honest , I am sooooo disappointed right now  , what he taught in class is totally irrelevant to the test ! Have I learned something in this class ? Yes , just read the book by yourself
He is seriously the worst professor at USC. Not helpful at all! Don't take him, he doesn't know how to teach.
Holder's class was the most useless out of all my accounting classess.  While Mr. Holder holds some important positions in the accounting field, as a teaching professor at USC, he was not helpful and almost did not teach any material related to the program.
587061	Robert	Scharlach	8
Really good, keeps you on your game by cold calling, but if you don't know it's not a big deal. Do the reading, know your book in and out and you'll do fine on the exams. Don't over-think it!
Professor Scharlach has a dry sense of humor and he picks on his students. His exams are open book, but are very difficult.
He knows the material and what he is talking about, but the class is very long and drags on. The material is not that difficult to learn and he simplifies it a lot.
I found some of the comments he made in class offensive and inappropriate.
One of the hardest but best teachers i have ever had.... if you ready to learn... take him!
Great teacher - especially for the subject!
No Comments
No Comments
1051883	James	Manegold	8
Stay away at all costs. Confusing and often incorrect when he provides homework solutions.  5 quizzes, 2 midterms and a final.
Manegold is a such a disappointment to the Leventhal School. He is the WORST professor I have had in all my educational years!! Doesn't teach a thing! Doesn't even understand his own exams! SO SAD! AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!
WORST PROFESSOR I'VE EVER HAD!!!! DOESN'T TEACH A SINGLE THING. EVERYTHING IS SELF TAUGHT. AVOID TAKING MANEGOLD HE IS HORRIBLE
AVOID HIM!! DON'T TAKE HIM!! DON'T!! HE IS HORRIBLE. I HATE HIM. HE DOESN'T TEACH A THING AND HE IS THE WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER MET
Did not teach a thing. At all. And then tested as if he went over every detail in class. Had to teach myself the material from the textbook. Less instruction than an online course. Worst prof in Leventhal. Do yourself a favor and take a different prof when at all possible.
doesn't teach the important stuff in class, doesn't cover even half of what he tests, doesn't speak clearly, makes the class super boring. I basically had to learn everything on my own from the textbook, and his tests are incredibly hard. NO point at all in attending his class. One of the worst professors at Leventhal
Worse teacher I have ever seen. He mumbles and is very hard to understand. Quizzes every week that are almost impossible to study for. The only way to do well in this class is to get outside help since the people who do set the curve.
Love the assignments--challenging material but not pointless.
1594628	Neil	Leach	8
Awesome professor 
He is the best at everything.  Just ask him.
Just found out that Professor Leach has moved to Harvard GSD. Sad loss for USC!! Professor Leach has a brilliant mind, and is an amazing theorist.
Professor Leach is famous in China.  He knows many interesting theories.  Very clever professor.
Professor Leach is famous in China. He knows many interesting theories. Very clever professor.
Best professor EVER! My favorite class. Professor Leach is very interesting, and his enthusiasm is infectious. He manages to explain complex ideas in a very simple way. He knows a lot about digital design and has published some great books and articles.
The topic, computational design, is very interesting and is related to today's architecture field. Unfortunately, he does't know about this technology, he only tells general stories that you see on the Internet. This class have to be taught by someone who has at least some basic programing skills
Very interesting topic, well connected within field, doesn't know much about computational architecture.
1197110	Michel	Baudry	8
This class is by far a HARD GE. If you do not like science or do not have a science background, do NOT take this class. His power points & tests are extremely detailed and his French accent is hard to understand, be warned! However, if you like the brain or are pre-med you will enjoy this class because Baudry is an expert in his field.
His tests are ridiculously hard and barely make sense. Half the time I couldn't understand what he was saying during lecture. This class is a crap shoot.
If you are smart and motivated, Michel has no equal.  He's by far the best PI to work for. If you volunteer and do research in his lab, you will not regret it.
If your a music major who practices a lot DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS. You'll regret it. It's interesting, but he failed me on my term paper, which I spent hours writing. I got no comments as to why I failed, and it was a paper I actually thought was pretty good. This class should not be a GE for non-majors in my opinion.
This class SHOULD NOT be a GE. Do not take this class unless you have a biology or neuroscience background. It is ridiculously hard for non-majors. Lectures are pointless because he reads powerpoints  then posts term online but you have to attend because he gives 4-5 clicker quizzes each class. Talk to the TA's for help with the term paper.
I recommend this course only if you are interested and have highschool background in biology/anatomy. As an econ major I had a hard time in this class both understanding and unappealing.
The material he teaches are way too difficult for a GE course.
The midterms are ridiculously difficult, and lectures are basically powerpoint paragraphs that he reads word for word; he doesn't allow enough time for students to take notes, so you'll give up on it by day 2.
360745	Lee	Cerling	8
Really interesting subject matter, really easy A.  Professor Cerling does a great job of teaching the subject matter and expressing his expectations for exams.  Exams are really straight-forward and open laptop, open book, open note.
By far worst teacher I've had at USC. Didn't learn a thing in his class didn't know what he was doing. What a waste of tuition
The first book is intense reading to weed people out. Other than that he is a great professor and the class isnt too tough. Highly recommended.
Good teacher, not a tough class. I only had to write 3 papers, about 4-5 pgs each. The final portfolio was just submitting revised versions of 2 of the 3 papers. I got an A-, he liked my writing. Chill guy, pretty dorky too.
I dont know if he changed his way of teaching or something (since the comments are from 05), his class is actually not that easy.
Fairly difficult grader grader, but fair and easy to get along with.
Very easy.  Take this class to get a pretty sure B.
Easy class, kind of a repeat of Freshman comp, only easier.
1420444	Tom	Chang	8
Tom Chang is a great professor. The content of his class is fairly hard, and while the first midterm was ok, the second one is much harder. He comes up with really good examples but moves at a fast rate so definitely go to class to keep up. Would recommend and would take it with Chang again..
Chang's tests are difficult. You have to apply the knowledge, and it's not something you could get from just reading the textbook and attending class. However, he is very approachable. Lecture are just slides from publisher, but he does have some good examples and sample practice questions. Good professor if you are interested in finance.
Chang is an awesome teacher and a really nice guy. He has a ton of office hours and is always open to helping students/meeting whenever students have free time. That said the class is still really challenging and boring. He does not require attendance, lectures directly from the book slides and explains the concepts with examples.
Great teacher. sticks to what's on the ppt and the book. No surprises. My kind of teacher. Calculators are a plus.
Professor Chang is somewhat lazy, but he explains the core concepts very clearly. He is a  very intuitive speaker. You should definitely supplement the lectures with your own reading to do well on the tests, which usually require you to go a step further than the basic analysis. Overall a very knowledgeable professor.
Not a great teacher.  Covers the basics in class and asks in depth questions on tests.  Not very helpful.  First midterm isn't too bad, second is hard, and final is pretty easy.  Trading game is ok but kind of annoying.  Problem sets graded on completion.  GET A FINANCIAL CALCULATOR!
Tom Chang is an awesome teacher. Definitely go to lectures because he explains everything really clearly and you'll understand the concepts much quicker and better than by just reading the textbook. I highly recommend you take him. Tests are not too hard. Oh and buy a financial calculator straight away, don't wait til later in the sememster.
Very good teacher- easy (for me at least), clear, tests only what he was teaching. Better to attnd the class, but ok not to. Final easy, MTs a but harder
1420456	Scott	Wiltermuth	8
This class was extremely easy, but he was an extremely boring lecturer. He literally copied and pasted the textbook onto power points and read them verbatim. Needless to say I stopped going to lecture and still go an A in the class. The only saving point is the TA, Chris Bresnahan, and the ELC.
Didn't like my TA but Scott made me want to come to lectures! He is really funny and one of my favorite professors at Marshall
Wiltermuth is a really nice professor. He tries to get you to learn the material, but lectures are almost useless. Online lectures are the most important aspect of the class. Exams are pure memorization and difficult. This is a really cool professor, but actual lectures are not needed for this class.
The class is really interesting and required for business majors.  The class is hard because exams are really hard, but the material is easy to understand.  Pure memorization.  He is a really interesting professor and so nice, but you only meet 6 times a semester, so pick a good TA!  I recommend Bresnahan, Tolan seems nice too.
You only meet 6 times the semester so it mostly depends on your TA but he is very nice
Really nice guy that is super understanding. Available to discuss but mostly the discussion section professors do the work. He's actually pretty funny. The atmosphere of the class is really chill and laid back. Lecture is about 10% of midterm, all textbook and online video lectures
The lectures are every other week, about 6 lecture sessions. Discussion on the other hand is every week. Wiltermuth is a really chill guy who's actually pretty funny. Lecture is maybe 10% of the midterm. Straight textbook and online video lectures. Love the class.
The lectures are every other week, about 6 lecture sessions. Discussion on the other hand is every week. Wiltermuth is a really chill guy that's actually pretty funny. Lecture is maybe 10% of the midterm. Straight textbook and online video lectures. Love the class.
1515642	Hiroshi	Ochiumi	8
He is hands down the best 311 professor at USC! 311 materials can be really hard, but he made them really interesting and fun to learn! He is super funny and really approachable. Take him!
He is an amazing teacher. The concepts in this class are really hard, but if you keep up with all the material it is pretty easy. His tests aren't extremely hard, but you have to know the stuff. Take him for 311! Before each test, he will have a video chat conference, so you can ask last minute questions. They are very helpful.
He is a very nice guy and is always there to help. At the end of the semester he tells you your grade ranking compared to everyone else. I was ranked above 47 people in the class out of a 60 person in the class and I still got a B+. Thought I was going to do better. Other than that he is the best BUAD 311 teacher, so take him.
LOVE this guy. Makes a potentially boring class awesome (or at least bearable). Consistently relates content to real world examples. Flies from his home in Oregon every week to teach this class. If that's not dedication I don't know what is. This guy is dope, take him if you can.
Generally an easy grader and the midterm/exam is pretty easy as long as you've been attending class regularly. He teaches quite slowly so it's not hard to keep up.
I have received a grade of A- with a high percentage grade. Professor Hiroshi uses a method for final grades that are unacceptable. He is an alright professor and the class isn't too hard, but he does not know what he's doing in terms of using z-scores for grading. I advise anyone taking him to request to see your overall grade at the end of class.
Hiroshi is one of the best teachers around. He can be very funny and makes it so you will not dread going to class. The material can be difficult but if you put in the time to get 100% on the midterm hell definitely notice. I'd take his class again for sure
All 311 teachers pretty much go by the same schedule and teach the same stuff. Also, they all for the most part are the same difficulty level. So no matter who you get it's going to be hard and suck. However, Hiroshi is a cool guy and funny which is more than I've heard for the other 311 professors. Attendance isn't mandatory but I recommend going.
1560410	Lori	Santikian	8
Theoretical, confusing lectures.  She is not very good at putting anything in layman's terms.  
If you are taking this class for practical professional finance development (i.e. want to do IB), I suggest taking the class with Plotts instead. This teacher is predominantly an academic and teaches the class that way. No practice problems so it is difficult to reinforce the material, minimal hands on practice, mostly conceptual powerpoint slides.
Lectures are boring and hard to keep track of. Exams are hard given there's no homework whatsoever. Important materials but not a very helpful class
pretty useful class, nice professor
Smart and articulate professor. She is very helpful when you ask questions. Class is a little hard to stay focused but if you do you will be fine on tests. She doesn't use the textbook in class so what she says in class is guaranteed to be on the test.
She's a great professor. She explains things clearly and is very knowledgeable. I would highly recommend. Her exams are difficult, but she prepares you so you know exactly what to expect on it.
Very clear and helpful professor. She put so much effort to make sure the class understands the course concepts.
Clearly has very little teaching experience. Talks in circles, uses too much jargon that nobody gets, doesn't explain things in any way that makes them less confusing.
1862826	Albert	Napoli	8
He's the homie! He's a professor i will never forgot about and would visit. He can make you laugh even if your in a bad mood. Teaches in a way that makes you want to pay attention just because he's so hilarious and knows how to get everybody's attention. you will do fine in the class as long as you do the work he assigns. no tests, only assignments
I LOVE NAPOLI! He is, by far, one of the best teachers I have had at SC. TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU CAN! You don't need to do any of the reading (don't bother buying the book), and the class is so much fun! Napoli keeps everyone interested by being the funniest guy in the room, while also teaching invaluable lessons. highly recommend. funny&fun
Napoli's class is like a roller coaster: if you go against the flow you won't enjoy it. He has rules: no hats or laptops in class and if he sees  you on your phone he'll read your texts. Also, if you show up late you have to sing a song based on the music video of the day. In the end though, he's a lot of fun and loves to banter with the students.
No midterms, no final. Only bunch of assignements + presentations. 
Great professor and great people that made this class absolutely awesome. Assignments and a final project instead of midterms and a final. Will miss this class a lot and many of the people in it. Here's to you Napoli's Spring 2014 BUAD 201 class and if you see this Prof. Napoli, thanks for Traddies! Also I hope a (ten year) reunion does happen.
BEST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER HAD. His class will be one of those classes I'll tell my children about! Very worthwhile!!
Great professor, no tests or quizzes just projects. Really wants you to succeed and learn in his class, not worried about anything else. Definitely worth taking.
HANDS DOWN!! BEST TEACHER IN USC!!
1953585	David 	Bacci 	8
He's alright. Definitely a cool dude, someone you'd say Hey to outside of class. But the class itself is a different story. 5 presentations. 1 final. His lectures are vague when it comes to the final. I don't think he grades all that fair either. But overall, he's a cool dude and the class is enjoyable.
His final test is a hard one and maybe it might be because his lectures are too vague. Also I'm not too sure how he grades our presentations. Didn't really learn anything from this class. Avoid this class if you can.
I didn't enjoy his class at all, despite it not being a difficult one. He comes off as pompous and his lectures are incredibly unhelpful. I get that he's young and personable, and I don't have a problem with him as a person, just don't expect to learn anything from the guy, and definitely don't expect to get much out of his lectures.
Bacci is the man! Class was always super fun to go too. He's young and has work experience in a ton of different fields. He also gives students so much advice about what to expect in business and life. 4 presentations, 2 are group. A few funeasy assingments. Final was HARD oddly enough. I'd definitely take again
Professor Bacci was one of the best professor's I have ever had. Not only does he teach the course material, he also throws in practical and useful tips that he has learned throughout his various other careers. I honestly would not be surprised if he ended up being the President one day. He is an actor just like Reagan. Must take for 302 #TFMintern
Hands down the best business comm professor at USC. I learned a ton in his class and had fun doing it. He's incredibly smart but probably the funniest prof I've had at Marshall. Really takes kids from zero to one
Amazing teacher! Lectures are fun and entertaining. 4 presentations all semester and one MC final, not bad at all if you put in a little effort. Just show up and take some notes, the fact that he's beautiful doesn't hurt either. 
Hands down best 302 professor at USC. 
659746	Michael	Quinlan	8
Quinlan is the man! Sure, his tests are utterly impossible (no really.. trying is futile), but who cares. Visit him in his office as often as possible. Great guy, and he'll actually help you with chem if you visit him. Don't expect to learn anything by reading the manual cover to cover. That's what his office is there for. Fight on!
This is the man who wrote the Chem 105 a and b lab manuals; both of which are terribly written, and are largely deficient in necessary information for solving the problems he gives. His lab exams do not accurately reflect what we learned in lab. He is truly corrupt, as much as every other faculty member in any science department at USC.
hilarious, but terrible. but makes zero sense. got A's on lecture exams, and a 59% percent on his lab exam....the average was a 55%.
has a hello kitty message doll. has legalos cut out in his office. strives hard to be as hot as legalos.
He is awful, his lab exams suck. He is not comprehensible, he taught two of our lectures and made no sense. The lab material is completely unrelated to everything we study in the class
lab exams are impossible unless you find people with old exams. he will either copy last years entirely or make the questions (50-75% of them)similar. just do well in lab and the lab exams won't hurt. i got C's on them and an A in the course b/c everyone does that poorly for the most part
No Comments
No Comments
60707	Clifford	Ando	8
Ando is tough, but fair. No-nonsense, but enthusiastic about his work, the material, and very much wants his students to do well. I would only recommend his classes to students who really want to learn and are willing to work. He also has a delightful dry wit (and is very beautiful to look at!)...
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
Ando is a God Among Men.  His detractors LIE, lie like the SCURVY DOGS THEY ARE.  And he is hilarious.
talks really fast but if you manage to keep up and write everything down its a fabulous class... one of my favorites at usc
just a plain horrible professor with dry etchy humor.
No Comments
336503	Shahram	Ghandeharizadeh	8
he is not good at all. he makes fun of you if you ask a question without giving any clear answer. Exams are tough with unclear grading criteria. Overall, not recommend
great professor
The Good: Extremely good at explaining concepts, very fluid style of teaching. Makes you work a LOT, gives GREAT grades. The Bad: Ridicules students who ask questions and stifles their thought process, very unhelpful. The Ugly: Man of strong likes & dislikes and inherently biased against boys and non-iranians. Avoid offers to work on his projects.
He, the God!
Waste of time and money taking a class from this guy.  His lectures are rote repetition of reading material.  The reading material has no seeming overarching thread, and he makes no attempt to provide one.  Assignments have little to do with the reading.  Exam questions are vague and open to much interpretation.  I really can't recommend him.
Aftr the class u feel like u knw every thing
No Comments
He's lil devil
934057	Ramesh	Govindan	8
Dr. Govindan is a great research and his classes show a nice perspective of the past and the future of computer networking. The exam are extremely hard (averages of 5 out of 10), but the grades are curved. The project is interesting, but you need to work hard to get good grade.
Excellent Professor !! Totally worth taking class under him
The professor seems like he is knowledgeable on the subject, but as it was his first semester teaching this course, he was a bit unprepared. The TA Tobias was amazingly helpful for the HUGE programming project. Quizes are hard multi-answer multi-choice and open ended questions. Lectures are a bit dry, better of reading the book.
"Quizzes" are absolutely ludicrous, testing on rote memory rather than actual concepts.  Class only loosely ties to infamously large project.  Professor takes forever to get to the point in lecture and seems unprepared- you're better off not attending and reading the book instead (since it's more clear)
One of the three best courses I've taken at USC EE/CS.
One of the finest Professors @ USC CS Department.His course is rated one of the most difficult courses at CS Grad @ USC and one of the most sort after.Very particular and articulate and decently strict.Is approcable during office hours.
Great Professor. Highly qualified. Not very approachable though.
Great Professor!
1433282	Brent	Nash	8
Nash is ok but I will not say he is the best at SC. During the fall my grades and other's grades got messed up. It was really bad and when I talked to Nash about it he wasn?t entirely direct with me. I had to talk to the TA about it to get everything settle. I?m just saying be careful if you take Nash,your grades might not be the ones you earned.
I really liked his jokes about CS and being in class actually got me more into the humor that nerdy subjects such as CS make. Really knew his material and articulated his points clearly.
It's basically cs ab for those of you that took it in high school but he goes in depth with pointers for those of you that don't know how to maneuver with them. I got an A in his class because he kept me interested and was able to relate to us better than the majority of ancient fossils running around viterbi. He's a pretty awesome professor.
Prof Nash is probably one of the best teachers i've had at sc. He is really helpful, and he goes out of his way to help you out. Prof Nash is probably one of the smartest teachers, so take full advantage of it, and don't hesitate to email him w questions. Really nice guy. Even grew a mustache out for November. great teacher
Great professor and really nice guy. Gives clear lectures that are informative and fun to listen to. Always is very helpful in office hours. I really enjoyed this class.

Awesome CS professor. Very fun to be in his class.
Great Professor!
1746653	Chi	SO	8
He sparks people's interests in security, but that's mostly because of his unique personality among college professors (he's basically a rebellious hacker himself), rather than the fact that he cares about his students. Material is fairly organized, though it does seem at some points he's making stuff up along the way. Lots of work.
BEST TEACHER.  Learned a ton, had fun.
Chi So is different from your average professor, he will say whatever he wants in the bluntest way possible, but that keeps class interesting. The actual material is a bit boring aside from lock picking and handcuffs, but chi does the best he can with what he has. Would recommend for ITP125..
Very difficult class if you don't have a good amount of prior knowledge of the subject. I made it through, but it was really tough for me. Chi is very helpful and willing to help where he can, though, so you aren't left on your own. But be aware that it can be hard for people without computer backgrounds.
Cool guy
AMAZING PROFESSOR!
VERY VERY VERY INTERESTING COURSE. The professor is enthusiastic and teaches creatively. As part of the midterm we had to pick handcuffs and locks. Awesome.
AMAZING PROFESSOR.
1038415	Bettine	Birge	8
I took Professor Birge's Chinese Civilization class for GE 2 and it wasn't that bad. She tried to make the class as interesting as possible by taking us on a field trip, teaching us Buddhist meditation, and bringing in guest lecturers. You have to do a lot of readings, so the class can sometimes be tedious. 
I took Professor Birge's Chinese Civilization class for GE 2 and it wasn't that bad. Birge tried to make the class as interesting as possible. For example, when we were learning about Buddhism, she teaches us meditation. There is also a field trip and occasional guest lectures. There are lots of readings involved, so it can sometimes be tedious. 
Knows her material inside and out. Grading depends on the TA. Make sure you pay attention in class, bc if you do you can skip out on half the reading. Her discussion questions are usually what's on the testspapers. She does go on tangents and is not very organized, but it didn't bother me. 
Professor Birge is wonderful! Highly suggest taking this course with her. She's very enthusiastic about the material. It's a lot of work as a GE class though.
Prof Birge really knows her stuff. She is very clear and accessible. Her passion really shows through when she's teaching. Lecture is mandatory as the slides are not posted online. Sadly the TAs are in control of your grade. Birge will help you if you ask and will revise papers. Extra credit is also given. This has been my favorite class! Take her!
As an GE,it was not as easy as other reviewer suggested. The TA was very strange and stingy in grading mid terms and papers.  He was also extremely subjective and stubborn. Perhaps the TA was trying to control the range of grades. The class required some work and content was interesting.  A small percentage of extra credit was given.
She's a really nice teacher, although she seems a bit unorganized at times. I took her East Asian Philosophy as ARLT 100, so reading wasn't too bad. Overall an easy class with small hw assignments and a few papers. Interesting if you're into philosophy or East Asian culture.
Very excited about Chinese Civilization and easily excited. Lot of weird stories and tries to relate to us. Awkward laughs. Attendance is mandatory by sign in sheet. All the powerpoints/discussion questions are online which helps with studying when you dont pay attention in class. Discussions help. Also mandatory.
993940	Jeffrey	Nugent	8
No text book.  Lectures interesting but not really related to papers.  Very knowledgeable and passionate about material.  
Professor Nugent is a nice guy, but his lectures are horrendously dry and he just uses really bad textbook powerpoint slides. On top of that, he messed up the points on a midterm and is confused about how to fix it..Nice guy, bad class.
Nugent is a nice guy however his teaching is completely based off the textbook's powerpoint slides which are filled with incessant typos. The book itself is filled with typos in critical places and the communication of mathematical concepts is horrible. Lectures are dry as hell.
Very nice prof. If you have questions from the homework and visit his office he can take a really long time to answer so do your best to figure out the questions. If you want to do well read the sections and do homework before lectures, and review the questions from the back before tests.
Nice man, but his lectures can be dry at times. He is willing to meet with students, though he is very busy with research.  His office is just cluttered with books and papers. Go to class, read the text and do the homework...and then do it over again repeatedly to make sure you understand it.  Not going to lie, very hard class.
Horrible professor. I am a good student (3.5+ GPA) and have a hard time. He gives ridiculously large and difficult midterms, so much material at once I feel like I dont learn anything. He's also really old and rambles on and on about his pp slides which he stands in front of while he lectures then blast through important ones because he talks alot
No Comments
Nugent's class is amazingly difficult, but if you really want to learn the subject he's the one to take. His grading is fair, but you will have to study a lot. The class is based mostly on PP Slides and discussion. He talks a lot from experience and he's just very charismatic at times. Recommended for those that aren't afraid of a challenge.
708073	Gigi	Ragusa	8
Great Professor
The professor and the course were completely unorganized.  The major project was not necessarily difficult BUT the requirements were so unclear and conflicting that it created problems.  The professor did not respond to emails and did not give useful feedback.  Students only recieved the first 2 papers back after grading so it's hard to improve.
Not overly hard but lack of clarity and direction made completing the primary assignment challenging.
great
Don't take her.  Incompetent.
ouch! totally distracted. very uninformative and confusing, not about class topics, but class itself and work required. totally unapproachable and temperamental.
No Comments
so good. just take her
1139257	Ginger	Clark	8
She doesn't know as much as she should about the field.
Has chip on her shoulder.  Plays the role of a professor and program lead more than she does actually being one.  Not very honest in her opinions about other students.  Does little to help students in terms of their careers....
Will constantly lecture about being professional in person and on the internet.  But then will take you out to beer for a graduation present and will rave and use foul language about the new  iphone.  lol.
When I first met her I thought she was the best professor but she is inconsistent and she stares ay you whenver you talk to her.
meh, she's alright.
she's not the best, she;s not the worst.  she's a do-as-I-say, not-as-I-do type of professor.
smart but also notoriously late. wants to prove  she's a good prof by acting tough, sometimes not as empathic as she should be, esp. for an MFT lead. youll learn a lot though
She is an amazing teacher and clearly a wonderful clinician. Her passion for the counseling profession and commitment to her students is inspiring.
131929	Bhaskar	Krishnamachari	8
Brilliant guy. Average teacher. Believes people can only learn on their own so he assigns work from the book and uses class time to go over extra things you don't need to know and give quizzes. Even so, he's still a genius.
Amazing Professor. One of a kind. Honored to have him as an instructor. Very caring, understanding, and flexible. Always nails the explanations.
The prof is fantastic. Very knowledgeable and helpful. He is very flexible and understanding when it comes to assignments and schedules. The expectation of hw, labs, readings are very reasonable. You never feel intimidated or embarrassed to ask questions in class or to visit him in his office hours. All profs in EE should be this good.
Extremely helpful. Good lectures, mixing theory and practice. Homeworks are logn, but help a lot with the exams. Projects are very interesting. Basically a very useful course.
Bhaskar is very passionate about anything he teaches.
extremely helpful and gives good grades,makes course easy!!!
Bhaskar as a person is awesome.  He's definitely a professor you can easily approach, etc.  It's just the class he teaches, Engineering Freshman Academy, that's extremely boring. (I can't believe it's a requirement; we learn absolutely nothing). All you need to do is show up and write his weekly paragraph assignment and you'll get the credit.
easy going approach,basically a good teacher
1167588	Michael	Dubois	8
His class is really boring which makes students feel asleep and he cannot give lecture very clearly and really not responsible for students and class. If he cancelled a class, he even don't want to make up it. REALLY  BAD!!!
I thought it would be fun as 457 with Puvvada. OMG, it's totally opposite. The class is a nightmare!!!!
A very grueling and stressful class. The TA is your only hope for the HWs. The prof does not cover the hw problems. Exams are nothing like the HW. Projects are VERY important. I did horrible on the exams but he curved so much that I still managed to pass. The prof isn't malicious, it's just that the course needs to be instructed better. BE WARNED.
He was the worst professor at USC
This guy is so slow and boring that even when i watch his video lectures at twice the normal speed, i have time to run a marathon before he finishes a topic!!!!
His lecturing style might be known as &quot;death by powerpoint.&quot; He is really terrible at teaching. Goes over stupid things forever and is too lazy to make some effort to explain the stuff. He sucks!!!
No Comments
Boom Boom Boom!!!Thats all he do in class...
1305185	Giuseppe	Caire	8
The worst professor I have ever met. He even don't want to attend the office hour and always have excuse to refuse answering questions. He never care whether you understand or not and give very hard questions in the exams and give almost all the student B and B-. Although I spent a lot of time on it, finally got a bad result and learnt nothing.
The professor is not as kind as he looks like. He made the course EE503 extremely tough. I spent most of my time on it but only got a B. BY the way, most of my classmates got B or B-. The course taught by him is obviously harder than any other professors.
Unless you are a postdoctoral student of mathematics good luck passing his class.
This course was very helpful in giving a theoretical and mathematical understanding of information theory. Assignments he gives makes you revise concepts he teaches in class
The most worthless and rude professor I have ever encountered. He truly does not care if you understand the material or succeed in his class. If you go to his office hours, he is even more rude than he is in class. USC must have hired him based on his research only and neglected to check his teaching ability. Avoid this professor at all costs.
Doesn't normally teach this class, but based on what I've heard the following is accurate. Doesn't seem to care about what he's teaching, may know the material but has absolutely no clue how to convey it to the class. When asked for help he just makes you even more confused, and gets frustrated when you don't get it. For your sanity, do not take!!!
This class was hellish. The material was very abstract and Caire was uninterested in explaining things more than once. He obviously knew the material but could not present it. A majority of people in the class were receiving less than %50 on homeworks, tests, etc.
No Comments
1531721	Raymond	Rakhshani	8
Has absolutely no clue how much work is appropriate for a 2 unit class. The midterm is also incredibly confusing and he does not define the parameters Then there's the issue of his attitude and his lying... He treats students horribly  and  will speak down to them if they ask any question.  Worst professor of my 4 years.
He is literally one of the worst teachers I've ever had. Got mad all the time at people and gave us assignments and tests that were so much harder than a 2 unit course should have been… He takes no constructive criticism, and expects his intro class to be the center of your world.
Contrary to some of the earlier reviews, he never gets angry. He definitely isn't the greatest teacher (heavy accent, monotone, wastes time) but he is always willing to answer questions, even in the middle of class. First midterm is killer, but once you understand the format it's smooth sailing from there. Caveat: Very difficult for being 2 credits
decent teacher. not a great one but u will learn. may need to teach yourself at times. if u try hard enough, it should not be a difficult class. weekly group assignments. make sure u go to the plant tours and take good notes because 1/4 questions on the tests are always on the plant tour.
On the contrary, I have found the professor quite helpful and very passionate about manufacturing. He is very helpful when approached, and I have learnt a lot from him.
In my opinion, one of the worst professors I had at USC. Had to self teach myself, and whenever anyone had questions he got angry and he didn't like to answer them. Tried going to office hours and he acted exactly the same as someone who would ask a question in class. He assumes you should know everything already even though it is an intro class.
If you understand the examples he does in class and on your group homeworks, you'll be fine. He sometimes acts like questions are stupid, but is very nice if you go ask him questions in his office hours.
AVOID at all cost! He doesnt teach you anything or give any inclination of what you need to know for the midterms. He gets mad when you ask questions, and acts as if we should all know the material already. Had to self-teach entire semester.
1786364	Andrea	Armani	8
Great professor, class is a perfect survey course for learning fundamentals of nanotechnology.  Would definitely recommend!
Awesome class. It doesnt go into depth on topics but is a great survey of nano overall, from theory to history to applications and current work. Labs are fun with cool TA's and the write ups aren't bad at all. Tests are super easy as long as you show up to class and half pay attention. Armani's super organized and really nice! I'd recommend.
Dr. Armani is a phenomenal teacher, my favorite in Viterbi and at USC as a whole. This class helped me understand why nano-engineering is relevant and how it is used in real world applications. The labs are really fun, short, and the reports are very straightforward. Go to class and you'll get an easy A. 
I had Armani for my freshman academy class, and it was great.  Although it was for passfail and it was an intro class, it was a great experience, and if you need to take a class for freshman academy, definitely choose Armani if you want a lot of good advice and littleno work.
Pointless class, let's you out early 90% of classes though. Attendance is mandatory or you will fail.
Her explanations are not so clear and the slides provided do not have all information need, there are some questions but no answers.
Professor Armani is hilarious and she is really nice and cares about her students. Make sure you do all the assignments though because the make up assignments are apparently ridiculously hard. Also, this class is pointless, but she makes it pretty easy.
Dr. Armani is a great professor. She is very witty and sarcastic, which can sometimes be taken the wrong way by people who are too dense to understand her. She truly cares about her students, and is very eager to help in whatever way she can. I look forward to taking her nano class in the future.
670954	Rebecca	Lemon	8
She is both a mentor and a teacher. She is clearly very passionate about literature and her enthusiasm shows. I would recommend her in a heartbeat-- she is easily the best professor I've had at USC.
Best. Professor. Ever. Extremely knowledgable, enthusiastic, fun, thorough, and helpful.  Incredible in her field and an amazing person overall.  I wish I had taken her before my senior spring.
Easy English class relative to the other classes at USC. Work hard and you can get an A. The professor was clear and the class is relatively straightforward. All you have to do is put in the work and you can get your A. Definitely recommend
I have mixed feelings about Prof Lemon because at the heart of it, she really is a nice woman. However, I felt she was a bad choice as someone who is unsure about the major. As an English teacher, she has the tendency to voice her opinion as the final say over anyone else's.. I have since rethought English because I felt I wasn't learning anything.
Dr. Lemon is amazing!!!!! The literature can be a little boring at times (and intensive but all TO is like that), and Dr. Lemon totally makes up for it. She really recognizes people who work hard and she credits them for their efforts. Dr. Lemon is just a great person, I would HIGHLY recommend her!!
This was somehow both one of the least work intensive class in TO and the most illuminating. Lemon is brilliant, nice and makes the readings fascinating. Mixes lecture and discussion flawlessly. Could not recommend her enough. Also willing to have class outside occasionally :)
Absolutetly amazing prof! Also really genuinely nice person and fun to hang out with outside of class.  Heavy reading load, but typically TO load and she makes it interesting.  Very little testing or paper writing. Totally recommend it to any TO student
No Comments
1348422	Elizabeth	Durst	8
Prof Durst is definitely amazing! She's always there for you and office hour is really helpful. You do need to put effort into this class and show her that you are trying to improve your writing. Follow her advice and you will get a better and better grade on each paper. If you really want to learn how to write, more than a good grade, take her.
Super great professor! She is really brilliant and just wants everyone to succeed; however, she is a tough grader, but at worst you'll get a C with some effort. Grades on papers typically range from C through B+. Only about 1 or 2 A's were given in a class of 16. In the end, I do believe she has made me a better writer. Would definitely recommend.
Go to her office hours. They will help you succeed in her class and you will know what she's looking for on your paper.
Professor Durst is very helpful and wants everyone is her class to do well. You do have to put in effort, and show her that you're putting in effort. She is a fair grader and if you work hard she will help you succeed. Also a very nice lady!
I loved her as a teacher. She was very helpful and interested in your success. She is also very kind
She is a reasonable professor who wants you to succeed. If you put in an effort, she will grant you a good grade :)

Listen for the word &quot;Right&quot;....
1666057	Allyson	Ferrante	8
She is greatest Professor at USC. She is most helpful. She help me to be passionate writer.
Dr. Ferrante is one of the most caring & knowledgeable professors at usc. She is tough when it comes to grading because she can see a students true potential and really make them work for their grade. She is very approachable and goes so out her way to help her students. Be prepared to work HARD for this class but its so rewarding at the end!!!
Brilliant & caring. She helps you to identify your own strengths and is candid about calling you out on your lack of effort when she knows your true capability. Beyond the classroom she has been a mentor to me, she goes above and beyond to develop relationships with her students and this is what contributes to her effectiveness as a professor.  A+!
Not only is Allyson the best TA I've ever had, she is the best instructor I've ever had. Period. She is not "easy," and that is what makes her such an awesome teacher. She challenges you to think critically and to relate what your reading not only to the contemporary world, but also to your own experience. She has a gift and passion for teaching.
Allyson is one of the best TAs I have ever had. Allyson has the amazing capability of teaching her students what they need to know for the class and challenging them to think critically about the material in relation to their own lives. Allyson is an extremely fair grader and takes the time to work with students who need more help.
Allyson is simply a wonderful human being. I had her course last semester (spring) and although I came in thinking that the course was unnecessary, my mind was changed by the end. Writing 140 typically denotes a low grade; Allyson's class on the other hand is extremely fair in the manner she grades. If you deserve an A, then thats what you get.
Allyson is so full of passion. Her class was always thought-provoking and leads us to depth that literature is meant to take us. Her teaching is extremely effective, as long as you follow her guidance and be actively involved. WRIT140 isn't meant to be easy but Allyson puts significance into it and lets you write about your own interests.
It's Writing-140, ergo it will suck. But Allyson made the class so much fun to attend. She has such a gift for teaching, not to mention a passion for writing. She makes it extremely clear what she wants in an essay, & if you follow her guidelines, you'll do just fine (remember AXES!). I've had profs who were way harsher graders; she's not THAT bad.
1680175	Robert	Rabiee	8
Fantastic professor! Absolutely hilarious. Very interesting guy with great stories. He's laid-back and friendly, but still gives great feedback on essays. Class was phenomenal every time. This was hands-down my favorite class.
Rob is both a great teacher and a great person. He's incredibly helpful, encouraging, and constructive simultaneously. There's never a dull moment and I always enjoyed coming to class.  Not to mention he really helped me improve and expand my writing.
Fantastic man, really excited to help students understand course topics. Just an all-around good guy who's fun to talk to.
ROB IS FANTASTIC.  He is very helpful and willing to talk about anything you need help on, even other classes.
Rob is the best teacher ever- even though he's only a grad student he is the most committed and helpful teacher I've had at USC by far. He is so passionate about the material, such a hard worker and so willing to work with you and give you advice. Amazing guy!!!
Absolutely amazing! Helpful, funny, has a wealth of knowledge he's willing to share. Like no other writing instructor on campus. Take his class--you will not regret it for a minute.
Literally the best teacher both inside and outside of TO. He's so helpful, so funny, and just an all around amazing teacher and PERSON. He genuinely believes in every student's potential and will do everything he can to help each and every one of his students succeed in his class. Take his class if you can! :)
Rob is amazing! I have never had a better writing instructor. He really cares about his students and is always willing to help. He is also just generally a great guy - he's totally approachable and not intimidating. Take his class!!!
525269	Jennifer	Holt	8
Jennifer was great, the class was kinda tough though as your grade is solely based on two exams and two papers.  She's leaving after Spring 2006 to go to UCSB though.
She's extremely enthusiastic about television. Explains theories and ideas clearly, but releases the class powerpoint slides available only hours before lecture. Could have been more helpful if she had posted the slides online at least one day prior to class.
She tries hard and has clear powerpoints for every class which are available a few hours before class. Her clips showns are all really interesting and she really cares about television. It is an enjoyable class, and for the midterm/final she gives the questions before which is really helpful, but that means she expects a lot from it Do your reading
A required couse for the major/minor, so one can't avoid it in most cases. The class is easy, but very left-wing; it isn't so much learning about television so much as it is about learning of its many social evils. This forced ideology soon becomes irritating. TAs grade, not Holt, and lectures are short. One wonders what she's getting paid for.
Her lectures are very enjoyable to listen to and she actually makes you care about the topics (which are interesting to begin with).  She clearly knows a lot and is good at teaching it.
She's a blind ideologue who thinks by teaching you her backwards, myopic world view she is 'opening you eyes' to the real world.  Expect a lot of whining about the evils of capitalism, conspiracy talk about The American Dream, idolization of &quot;Fat, Les
Dr. Holt shows great interest in her field and encourages lecture participation. Bonus: She's adorable.
Great teacher, a lot of fun and very helpful. Knows material and presents challenging yet provocotive ideas! Take her classes!
1326508	Harold	Apter	8
Harold is the real deal. He helped me discover that part of my soul that loves to write.
Where to begin&#63; Harold is the best screenwriting teacher I have ever had. He truly cares about his students, reads every draft in detail, and will work with you until you're more than happy with the material. This was a very special class to me. He is truly one of those unique once in a lifetime teachers, and I am honored to have been in his class.
Best screenwriting professor I encountered at USC film school. Class discussions were focused and extremely helpful. I took Prof. Apter for a feature rewriting class, and I am very proud of the draft that resulted from taking the class.
Professor Harold Apter is the single greatest professor I have ever had. Before his class, I was writing a script that read like a B-movie. Thanks to Prof. Apter, that script made Quarter-Finalist at the Page Int'l Screenwriting Awards and got me meetings with managers. Professor Harold Apter transformed me into a professional screenwriter.
Extremely knowledgeable and exceptional professor. I got my screenplay to the quarterfinals of The Nicholl Fellowship and the second round of The Austin Film Festival thanks to his help. Enough said!
Has the working experience and knowledge to see the heart of a story. Helps untangle Character, Plot, Pacing& Structure knots. Lets students give notes rather than monopolizing class time with his own. Doesn't spout dogma or make you do it his way- his classes, however, are not for lazy or inexperienced writers, as he will not do your work for you.
An inspirational professor.  Clearly knew how to zero on what each writer needed most and curtailed his instructions to those needs.   Truly cares about each student's work and pushing them to write the best work they can.  His passion for the screenwriting along with his experience all come together in his method.
Full disclosure-I can't remember the course number, but I took Feature Script Rewrite with Harold and have nothing but great things to say. He's always available by phone, knows the art of rewriting like it's noone's business, and has an amazing way of bringing out the best in his students.  Best teacher I've had, under or post grad.
943226	Robert	Flick	8
Robbert is an absolutely wonderful teacher.  Any student who takes a course with him is lucky.
An absolutely amazing photography teacher. A true living legend in the LA photo world. Would highly suggest his classes to anyone.
One of the best instructors I've had in any discipline, and the best in an art class.
Prof Flick is great; really really helpful and the class is a lot of work but he makes it fun.
Robbert is the man. He is extremely interested in what he teaches, so it makes it easier to be extremely interested in it yourself. He also cares an unbelievable amount about his students, so you always feel wanted and equal. Take a class with him before he stops teaching!
Wonderful professor; extremely helpful and always happy to assist his students with their work. Friendly and very kind, class was an appropriate balance of hands on work and lecture. Take a class with him if you are in Roski!!
Amazing professor. He knows everything. He treats you like an equal, unlike most professors. He encourages students a lot and soon you feel that he is more your friend than your professor. His class may be a little hard because there is a lot of work but you end up learning a lot. Effort is the main thing. A great class and a great professor.
Very helpful teacher. He allows you to work on what you want, but still challenges you to produce good work. He makes you want to do well. Great teacher.
339229		Nezami	8
One of the best professors I have ever had at USC! Made each class fun, memorable, and informative! I went in knowing nothing about stats and am not a math person, but as long as you do the homework and pay attention in class, you can get an A.
She is the best professor ever.  Everyone loves her.  I waited until I can take the course with her because of her reputation.  It was well worth it.
Makes what would normally be considered a dull, tedious class interesting and understandable.
She was able to make stats not incredibly painful but she was not helpful at all if you had any real questions or concerns.  Most of my emails were left unrepied to, and questions after class brushed off.
Awesome teacher! Very enthusiastic, knowledgable about the subject, loves to connect with the students. And there's food everyday!
Dr. Nezami is awesome! She's so nice and really funny.  The class can be confusing just cuz of the material, but she tries to make it as clear as possible.
No Comments
Dr. Nezami was a great stats. instructor!! She made a boring topic fun and exciting.
34651	John	Hubbard	8
OK, so I haven't taken Dr. Hubbards class but, I did meet him in Hong Kong 20 years ago while I was in the U.S. Navy and was lucky to have spent 4 hours talking to him one on one. The most interesting conversationalist I have ever met. His stories of being a Navy Pilot during WWI are awesome. I learned more in those 4 hours than an entire semester.
Hubbard is wonderful. His class has 0 reading, and the only reason to go to lecture is that he tells really cool stories. Also, he's an amazing guy... ambassador to India, president of USC... AND you spend the first 6 weeks watching a movie! And no tests, midterms, or final! Just one paper.
If you want to have a true learning experience while at SC, take Hubbard's BE class. If you have a genuine interest in the subject matter, expect to sit spellbound as this master story-teller takes you back into history. I loved every moment with this admirable, accomplished and truly decent professor.
this dude is awesome......he falls asleep during his videos and the only grade was a term paper at the end of the semester.....loved this class
Great professor, he makes time for your revisions and has a fair grading policy.  There is a group project at the end, so make sure to sit next to the smart kids.  I would definitely recommend him.
Don't miss an opportunity to take a class from this knowledgeable, admirable, caring and genuine professor.  With a remarkable set of life achievements and a story-telling style of teaching you are sure to be delighted by this &quot;elder statesmen&quot;
No Comments
This class is an easy A.  The man is even the ex-president of the university too
57095	Gordon	Berger	8
Dr. Berger was a great teacher. I think he's retiring and won't be teaching anymore, but his class was one of the best available at USC.
Professor Berger is old school. He packs the information in and presents it in a way that it all makes sense. He tells students that the text presents a different lens through which history can be viewed and encourages students to look at all the available information. Overall a great professor. Take his class before he retires.
Great Professor. This course required an essay mid, final, Max15 pages paper. Make sure having study session with your TA. TA will tell you what you should write on each questions. Then you will get good grade.
Very difficult, boring lectures, the class that never ends
Great professor. A bit absent-minded at times, but very concerned about the students.
Good organization with materials, helpful. A little wierd. Sometimes not all there. Goes off on tangents with psychology crap.
Had for Japanese history.  Nice man, but boring...  missed half the lectures because of that.  Very clear organization of lectures.  Recommended if you find stimulation and excitement overrated.
Very nice professor....best I've met
1236490	Vanessa	Schwartz	8
Schwartz has very clear ideas about subjects: success is keying into her thinking, which is easier with office hours.  She provides for a stimulating class discussion, loves Disneyland, and will challenge you intellectually on unconventional subjects. Don't be late; she values respect.  Grading is not lenient, but she won't sabotage your GPA.
Very conceited and vain. Doesn't care about any of her students. God forbid you raise your hand and have something to say or disagree with her opinion. Thinks her general education class is the most important of any classes you take, perhaps even your major. Save yourself the trouble and don't take her class.
Super strict professor, which means that lecture attendance is mandatory and papers are graded extremely harshly.  The subject material is interesting, but she tries to cram a lot of information into a very short period of time, and expects everyone to have completely mastered it.  Learned a lot, but would not take again.
Prof. Schwartz knows a lot, but she (and the TAs) don't get that it is an undergrad GE course. She expects us to know every little detail about everything covered, and it's just not possible. The TAs were very hard graders and they all were quite arrogant and unapproachable. Learned a lot from the class, but it wasn't worth it.
Her class is very boring and she tries to cram as much information into as little time as possible.  The class sounded so interesting but Prof. Schwartz makes it pretty bad.  She is extremely condescending to her students and is not understanding at all.  Plus, she unprofessionally inserts her political views into her lectures. Avoid! Avoid! Avoid!
Very rude.
This course requires a lot of reading, but as a senior seminar, it shouldn't really be a surprize. The course is great because dicussion is required and encouraged and all opinions are discussed and treated with validity.  Keep in mind she expects quality work for a high grade but that is pretty common for most History Profs at USC.
Prof. Schwartz has a tendency to be really mean to students. She is not understanding at all, and always gives off an air of complete entitlement - whether dealing with us, or with computer services etc. She also appears to be under the impression that this is the only class that any of us are enrolled in and we do not have outside schedules.
1779824	Christelle	Fischer-Bovet	8
Her accent is pretty much impossible to understand. She is a very nice lady but you can tell that she hasn't been teaching for very long as she doesn't know how to engage her students. The lectures are long and you don't really learn much and don't worry, she doesn't call on people. The material would be interesting if someone else was teaching it.
Her accent isn't bad. Although friendly, her teaching isn't fun. Lectures are boring but not too bad. Attendance is somewhat mandatory, she sometimes gives easy worksheets that are extra cred. Only the primary source txtbook is needed.3 short papers. Tests do have a lot of material. Not too bad of a class. Easier than other history courses.
She means well but her accent is almost impossible to understand. The class has a decent amount of reading but not really required to pass. 3 short papers, 1 midterm, 1 final. All pretty straight forward. If you're looking for an easy GE this is for you, but be warned the material is EXTREMELY boring and the teacher doesn't teach. Just talks.
Honestly, the lecture isn't a lecture. There is no format, no comprehension. I have no idea what she is saying AT ALL. She's nice, but that's about it.
Fischer-Bovet is great! Super helpful, the workload isn't too bad, and the material is actually pretty interesting sometimes. Plus, you get to go on a field trip to the Getty Villa! Definitely take her.
Boring lectures.
Dont have to go to lecture. the midterms and final are all essay questions. Its hard to study for them if you dont go to the lecture.
This is the most boring class I have EVER taken. Nobody wants to be there, including the teacher. She is struggling with her English and she is not having any fun. Nor is anyone else.
916922	Jason	Lidow	8
This class was probably one of the most, if not the most enjoyable class I have taken at USC.  Despite not having the proper background in computers, I was able to participate in class, and even ::gasp:: learn a thing or two about web security!
Jason is the greatest professor in the history of the universe. And he's one sexy beast! Everyone should be required to take his class. Taking this class made me a better person. If you are looking for a class that will keep you entertained and awake, Jason's the man!
Jason is a new teacher at USC and because he lacks experience the class was not structured at all. No textbook, no schedule of topics, no grading rubric. Don't get me wrong we had a great time with war games and enjoyed his enthusiasm, but without proper planning, this class left the average joe scratching their heads. Good thing I passed the class
Very good teacher. Knows how to apply computer science and information security to our everyday lives. Very inspiring. Obvious how much he knows about the subject. Generous, funny and yes, ****.
Don't just go to class, talk to him! He's an awesome guy! The course is alot of fun (where else can you hack your school and get props for it&#63;) and if you are at all interested in IT consulting then this class is a must. Jason is a little unorthodoxed by not using a text book, but he's awesome visual teacher and is very passionate about security.
No Comments
This is the greatest teacher ive had at usc so far... If you use a computer take this class...with Lidow. you learn so much
Great teacher....take the class. you will learn a lot.
1618081	Mai'A	Cross	8
teaches now at northeastern. One of the best professors I've encountered at Northeastern. Long but insightful lectures, lots of reading. A couple of easy pop quizzes, 3 response papers, an 2 exams. Fairly easy to get a B, would definitely recommend her. 
Cross is very sweet and understanding. She is also very smart and knows a lot about her field. Note that there is a lot of reading and the lectures are dense.
Nicest teacher ever. Very knowledgeable about the subject matter and explains everything very clearly. If you go to the classes then you will do fine on tests! One of my favorite profs at USC.
Very smart professor, makes good use of the class texts and makes sure to clear up any confusing points.  Lots of reading and some intense studying needed to do well for exams, but the tests themselves are not hard and are graded easily.
Clear powerpoints and explains with clarity.  The thing is that there's a LOT of reading.  My TA was pretty helpful and knowledgable so that helped a lot.  Also, we basically collaborated as a class and made a study guide so that was really helpful too.  Tests are pretty easy and straightforward as long as you know the basics of the material.
Very kind professor, and very helpful. Made class fun and interesting.
she is great!
Cross is amazing! She explains everything SO clearly and gives excellent and engaging lectures. Really makes an effort with students (used to teach at Colgate to a much smaller class size) and gives clear exams. Very easy to understand what is expected of you and to do so. Do readings, go to class/discussion and you will be fine.
1326408	Maura	Godinez	8
Unequivocally, the best international relations course at USC. Includes mandatory attendance, "cold calls," and understanding of previously mentioned concepts. Needless to say, come prepared. Encourages discussion, debate, critical analysis, etc. Don't be afraid to see her during office hours. If you have the opportunity, take Professor Godinez!
Easily the best class in the IR department. This class will change your perspective and give you insight like no other. Godinez is awesome, helpful and fair. It's not a free A but putting in an effort is extremely rewarding. You will learn A TON.
Easily the best course I've taken at USC. Professor Godinez is a wonderful professor with so much insight into intelligence, and she loves to share that insight with her students. Interesting course topics, straightforward grading/assignment processes, and fantastic professor. Couldn't ask for more.
Excellent teacher - one of the best professors in the IR department, not to mention an expert in one of the coolest topics in world affairs. She's not going to hand you an A, but if you do the reading, make an effort with the assignments, and study for the tests, you'll do fine.
She is very clear and strict. Which is actually the reason why she is good. She allows no nonsense and gets to the point quickly while keeping things very interesting. Exams are fair and rather easy if you took the time to study. The assignments can be tricky because she uses &quot;D.C. style&quot; writing which is unlike the traditional essays from WRIT 140
Professor Godinez is a gem! I am fortunate enough to have had her this semester, which will be her last. She was an amazing professor, and USC is losing an asset. I hope she comes back and teaches sometime in the future!

No Comments
1419286	Robert	English	8
Great lecturer. Interesting readings. One of the best classes and professors I've had at USC.
Great teacher and the most engaging lectures! Really great class and you will learn a ton. Be prepared to read a lot and you must have very detailed notes for midterm/final.
Robby Rob, my boy! ( The girl next to me says Rob rocks) He is very approachable and really helpful. He loves to work with kids who are looking to learn. His lectures are engaging and he is always brimming with energy. It would be a challenge to sleep through one of his classes. He knows everything about everything. Take one of his classes!
Fantastic teacher. Really knows what he's talking about and really passionate about the subject. There's a lot of reading, but it's interesting.
He's passionate about what he's teaching and a good story teller
Great professor overall. I did very few of the readings and attended all the lectures and got an A in the class. I found his lectures very interesting because he's a very good story teller. I learned a lot in his class even though I grew up surrounded by Russian culture and language.
He knows a lot about Russia and Eastern Europe. His lectures are very interesting but also require to take tons of notes. It is extremely important to go to class since there is no textbook for IR439. Be aware that there is a decent amount of reading. Overall I would definitely suggest to take one of Prof. English classes.
There is too much reading for this class. On top of the 3 books you have to purchase, you have to buy 2 course readers. His test are ID questions and Essay portion. He is a tough grader who likes too many specifics. I read all the chapters and went to class, but ended up with a C+ at the end.
291889	Dragomir	Dragnev	8
I thought he sucked..until I went into his office hours.  He was a lot more helpful/nice in person than in class.
He answers your questions w/ a question back.  He doesn't bother making the material more understandable then the book.  Really, the book amounted to be a better teaching aid for me.  To those who are taking him, GOOD LUCK! :-D
It's hard and annoying.  There's a good curve, so if you study and do ALL of the homework, you'll get a good grade.  If you just want to pass the class, then just give it average effort and you should be fine.  He mainly tests on proofs and definitions which sucks...very little application.
Condescending attitutde when asked questions, poor explanations of mathematical concepts/ processes. Plan on teaching self from book. Curve really helps.
this teacher is a jocker, he has the short-guy syndrome.
not good at all...
Read all chapters AND go to Class.  Exams only have really difficult questions but are short.  Fast Pace.
gives lots of hw.  not clear teaching, have to teach yourself from reading math book.
551722	Robert	Guralnick	8
This is a very easy class and the professor is very nice.  He goes through the material slowly and he curves the tests very, very generously.  Overall pleasurable experience and if you stay on top of your work you will get an A.
I didn't think he was that bad of a teacher! He's pretty quiet and sometimes not the most interesting guy to listen to, but if you GO TO CLASS, you will do just fine. I guarantee you that everyone who said he's a bad prof never went to class and expected to get an A. He explains the material well and is always willing to answer your questions.
Don't take calc 1 from him.
This teacher was so horrible that i switched my major so i would never have to take another class in the math department.  I loved calc in high school and now I hate it thanks to him.
he is the worst teacher i have ever had. normally i am great in math but i don't understand anything from what he teaches. do not take his class
I am an A student and this class killed my GPA. Probably the worst class ever.
No Comments
He is the worst teacher I have ever had, nobody understands what he is talking about, the only good thing is that everyone does bad on his tests and the curves are huge.  If not for the curve I would have failed the class, instead I recieved a C+
693390	Fedor	Malikov	8
His lectures were really jumbled and confusing and barely anyone showed up. The weekly quizzes weren't bad if you did the homework but the homework wasn't graded so it's easy to not do it. I failed both midterms, did average on the final and got a C so it's easy to pass. If you're trying to have a good experience in calc 3 I wouldn't recommend him.
No assigned homework, but had weekly quizzes. The midterms and quizzes should be relatively easy since he gives out what will be covered on each exam. I only showed up to lecture twice and for the exams and managed to do very well through decent studying.
He's a really smart guy, and has a unique sense of humor. Not completely clear at all times, but he knows he's prone to mistakes and is open to questions. He also really loves the subject, and genuinely wants his students to do well, too. Not a professor for everyone, but I really enjoyed his class.
I had two classes with Malikov in the same semester, 245 and 475. He had exams for both classes on the same day and the classes were back to back. He was one of my favorite professors in college, he really knew his stuff and was very helpful and engaging. If you knew the material, the tests were simple. If you didn't then obviously you're screwed.
Worse teacher I have ever had in my entire life.
The professor grades on an extremely harsh curve. I was one the top students in a class of about 20-25 and I recieved a B. I think probable 1 or 2 students received A or A-. Plus, I knew the whole course coming in, and he took off points for little things.
I was there for the first couple of lectures then switched prof. His English was difficult to understand and he did not teach. He should stick to research. He made comments during lecture that did not make any sense. Unless you completely understand math, do not take him.
Couldn't really understand him; made peculiar comments during lecture, but overall didn't like class
1133557	Larry	Goldstein	8
This class makes me want to cry.
Amazingly good professor. Math people should be like this, smart, clever and sense of humor. Not recommended for business majors who are generally inferior
Only reason Textbook use was high was because I had to teach myself everything. He's a good mathematician, but sucks at teaching. Goes on tangents, spends all of class teaching proofs that you don't need for the exams, and doesn't actually cover exam material. DO NOT take this class with him if you can help it...
Spare yourself a semester of frustration, self-teaching, annoyance, a drop in ones self esteem in regards to the ability to comprehend easy material. He cannot stay on topic, he doesn't like to properly explain. He loves his tangents. He needs to use his amazing skill for other purposes than teaching.
don't take him. he doesn't actually teach anything. i already knew everything we were learning from high school calculus and he still managed to confuse me. its a self teach kind of situation, and his tests aren't fair. even the TA thought so.
dont ever ever ever take this guy. else start teaching yourself
Loves math. But wastes your time during class proving why you can use the formulas and what not instead of teaching you how to use them. Nice guy, though.
No Comments
1277085	Mircea	Voineagu	8
He's probably one of the best choices for Math 218, but that isn't saying much.   He was an ok teacher, but he also came in in the middle of the semester and took over for someone else, so that was confusing.  He's a nice guy and wants you to do well.  He curves, which is good.  Quizzes are easy and tests are ok.
Such a great teacher.  He really took the time to make sure his kids were learning. Highly recommend him
Though have heavy accent but is really cute!! Comparing to other MATH 218 teachers, this should be the best or second best choice for you. Just think about Lin and so on...I like his class.
He is really sweet, with teddy-bear-like actions and facial expression. He explains everything clearly and you can get high grade by strictly following his instructions.
Absolutely love him and the class! Makes calculus so much easier (easier than AP Calculus!). Not much h/w, but you need to be self-motivated if u want a good grade- do more practice questions. Also do the sample final exams on USC Math centre website. Go to his hrs when u need help. Great professor overall. Funny, helpful, knowledgeable, and kind.
Voineagu was a phenomenal professor, especially considering that most of the lower division math faculty at SC is totally useless. For me, the tests were hard bc I didnt do the homework or go to discussions because the TA was useless. But if you need math credit, I cant think of a better way to do it. There are weekly quizzes but they were easy.
GREAT professor! He'll take the time to answer any questions. Discussions were extremely helpful in clearing up any questions from the non-mandatory hwk. Do the hwk and go to discussion and you'll get an A, easily. Take him as a teacher if you can!
he's a sweet guy and can be funny in class (just because he makes silly mistakes and gets embarrassed when you call him on it, but not in a bad way).  he's a decent teacher and lectures can sometimes make you feel way confused.  def better than some of the other teachers.  tests and quizzes are fair. go to lectures, or at least si.
1521179	Peter	Baxendale	8
MATH127 is essentially the honors version of 126, and as a new class, it was small, about 10 people in the lecture. The fact that it was small really helped as you could ask questions and get personalized help/clarifications right in the lecture. He can be somewhat esoteric at times, but it was really easy to ask for clarification.
Usually explains things pretty clearly. I like how he uses lots of visuals to explain the formulas; it helps to understand the material.
Great professor!I like his accent. His midterms are not easy though, you have to study hard before the test.
The guy has a great personality, but damn, he's tough. The curve generally provides some protection, though. He's not terribly useful for lecture, but I had an awesome TA (Ozlem Edjer). He's really good at replying to emails (even at midnight).
Pretty cool professor, lecture not really that useful but the tests, quizzes, and homework are fair.
Teaching style was kind of all over the place.  Old school legal-pad and chalkboard user.  He teaches right out of the textbook, which I think overcomplicates things in the first place.  Homework and quizzes are pretty straight-forward but midterms were slightly more difficult.
He is a really nice teacher. He collects homework every friday, if you miss class you can turn it in to his office later. also have weekly quizzes, two midterms, and a final. If you study and go to lecture for material you think will be hard, you'll do fine in the class.
He has a British accent, sweats a lot, is slightly scattered sometimes, and has a sense of humor. Though he's not my favorite, he's friendly and completely bearable. His lectures take some getting used to though, since he does have a very particular way of teaching. This class was supposed to be hard by nature, so don't expect an easy A. He's chill
1868626	Selenne	Garcia-Torres	8
Garcia-Torress is the best professor I've had at USC yet, possibly the best teacher I've had in my entire life. She's extremely reasonable, and while some of her exams may be tough they are curved so don't be too alarmed. Everyone I know in this class did well and loved her class, I suspect the negative reviews are just one bitter person.
Her handouts were useless (the textbook was better at explaining).  71% averages on tests definitely aren't "easy" nor fair in my opinion.  Very unprofessional and childish...
Garcia is one of my favorite math professors in USC.She knows materials really well, which makes everything clear during the class. Her handouts are really helpful so that you dont really need the textbook, except for homework.Midterms are fairly easy but you have to prepare and be careful, then you will be good. I like her, young and professional
I made the effort to make an account, no clue why register is needed.  My friend is usually very calm, but after I heard he had a relapse for a medical reason after his conference with her.  I honestly can't believe the department is letting her stay.  As for my experience, it was definitely the most messed up class I've taken at USC. (ended hard)
Often laughs at people's mistakes.  She may be nice sometimes, but she reminds me of a little kid.  I don't think she's ready to be a teacher.  She should be required to take some psychology classes because she can be very ignorant.  Not only that but it's pretty ballsy for a new teacher to practically almost fail the entire class.
I will say I was one of the luckier ones that received a B.  But I never went to class and barely did any effort and my friends who did put way more effort than me got Cs in the class(My friend who would give me his notes got a C LOL).  I think her tests are really screwed up/unfair to be completely truthful.
Don't even bother taking math with this teacher, she acts nice, but is a really mean and unfair grader.  Average on tests was about a 70%.  I made the mistake of not dropping out.
She seemed like a nice teacher; however, her averages were around a 70-75%.  She showed favoritism (boosting grades to other students) and also no remorse towards my grades.  She was very unreliable, and in the end I earned my lowest grade at USC in this course.  She gives false information.  I highly recommend taking a class with someone else.
1875408	Brian	Ryals	8
Brian was an awesome TA back at NYU's Courant Institute of Math :)! He was always willing to go out of his way to schedule additional office hours to explain any concepts that were unclear during lecture. His recitations were also a critical part of Calculus I! He's really great and I'm so glad he's a professor at USC!
GREAT GUY! Tough class but he's always ready to help his students and his classes are a lot of fun. Fair grader 
He definitely wasn't a walk in the park, but he was a fair grader. He is a very abstract thinker, & his homework reflects this. The problems are hard & require a lot of thinking, but many come from past finals & are overall helpful. He is a hard teacher, but his office hours are amazingly helpful. I got B's on his tests but an A on the final.
Okay, please go to OFFICE HOURS, starting from the beginning of the semester or else you will be left behind. Material isn't the easiest, but he explains in class (knows his stuff), you can see he cares, because he will help you out during office hours. Btw I am rating him the day before my final... hahah.. so i'll let you know how that goes ;)
SO helpful. Go to office hours. Very fair, and if you have an idea or a comment he will 100% listen to it.
Professor Ryals is a great professor, he is a good lecturer and his exams are fair.
Brain is easy and reasonable throughout the entire semester except he fails to prepare you for the final exam worth 35%. Prepare for the final to be much more difficult and to significantly drop your grade in the class if you only prepare with his notes and explanations.
Good Professor, explain every concepts clearly. If you attend lecture, you will be fine. Easy quizzes and  midterms
143438	Veronica	Krausas	8
Veronica rock!!! She is literally the best theory teacher in SC. She always let you make up all your works and tries hard to get you a good grade. Everyone should take her class!!!
Veronika is the best! Definitely my favorite teacher 'SC. I learned a lot in her class and she's really funny.
Veronika changed theory and aural skills for me! She made it seem easy and actually fun.
By far the best teacher I have had at USC. Works very well with students and really enjoys her work. Easy to talk to and very available.
Veronika is THE BEST theory and aural skills professor at usc.  Take her class - she is amazing!
she's an excellent teacher...always there to help you, very understanding, she's very approachable, and loves what she does. take a class from her, this teacher rocks!
She is such a great teacher! Very helpful! I got a C+ in fick 1st sem, changed to krauses, and got an A! SHe is the best music teacher I have EVER had!
No Comments
1307880	Danielle	Roman	8
Danielle is so much fun. Really connects with students and we do fun activities every class including walking in the rose garden, ultimate frisbee, and circuit training. Definitely take this class. It's an easy A. Just a few worksheets, a midterm that is a piece of cake, and a chill group presentation.
Great professor - keeps people interested and is always enthusiastic.
amazing, period.
BEST coach ever. Inspiring and makes you motivated to want to exercise. Would recommend any of her classes!! You will not regret taking her classes.
Great person. Knows her students by name. Cares about their lives outside of class and asks questions. Knows how to teach and modify. Very approachable and helpful. Great prof - will take again. NamastÃ©.
She is not only a great professor but she makes what would seem like a dull class really interesting. She jokes around all the time and tells cool stories. Definitely take this class, it's super easy but she's also a fun professor so it's totally worth it!
SHE IS THE BEST, TAKE ANY CLASS SHE OFFERS, STRESS MANAGEMENT, YOGA, OR WEIGHT TRAINING!
Really nice. Take it for a grade - it's easy, the only real work is a short midterm thats pretty simple. no final! just a presentation on a stress relief strategy of your choice.
455867	Juliet	Musso	8
Musso is the reason you go to grad school.  She is thought provoking, detailed, and helpful.  She is exactly the kind of person you want working with you, as you become a policy expert.  There is none better.
Prof. Musso is extremely passionate about policy implementation. Her class is a good balance of theory and practice. To get the most out of her class, ask questions. She has tons of insight and her work on LA Neighborhood Councils greatly enhances her credibility.
A great prof. who cares about her subject and students. She goes to great lengths to involve students in funded research and always gives credit where credit is due. One of a kind.
She really likes good research
Basic, boring, and not useful unless you have no prior political knowledge.  Bad at telling the class what she wants, papers are too broad. She forgets that grad students are adults, so be prepared to be confused with an undergrad. She will in no way enlighten your policy understanding if at all.
She tries to stimulate interest in a relatively dry subject, but inevitably fails due to her lack of interpersonal communication skills. The class is a lot of writing work, but is not too difficult to get out alive.
Dr. Musso is great!  She is challenging in a good way and really cool and current.
The best professor at USC!! She takes time to answer students' questions. Is genuinely concerned with students' academic growth. Provides detailed comments on research papers to help students improve. She's awesome and a very nice person too.
1784175	Michael	Thom	8
Awesome teacher. Expects maturity, but always willing to have a good laugh. 
Super helpful teacher. Has lots of office hours, responds quickly to email. Grading doesn't seem hard but there isn't much room for error. Make sure you show up to class, it's super interesting so you'll want to anyways. 3 big tests, 15-20 page term paper, reaction paper, and attendance are what make up your grade. overall, amazing class! no txtbk
Really straight-forward class and teacher. I liked him.
Overall, the class is very good. He goes really fast through the content because there is a lot to cover but the assignments help to land all the material. The final project is pretty demanding and somewhat challenging but it definitely serves to put together everything that you learned. Moreover, the final product could be pretty rewarding.
Professor Thom is the best professor since I attended SC. His teaching is very straight foward.  His chosen textbook and reading materials are excellent. This class has one huge final papers, and one synthesis paper as well as weekly assignment and discussions. He grades students on time. I will take his other classes when I have a chance.
Great professor and an even better guy. Pay attention in class and up to date with the reading and you will succeed. Always available to meet with and has incredibly quick turnaround times on grading.
Very easy going guy who is personable and willing to help his students out.  He covers a lot of material, but it's pretty straight forward.  Very broad curriculum - everything ranging from environmental law to torts to employment law.  All in all, tough class - awesome professor.
Very straight forward. Offers lots of office hours.  Pretty easy grade.  Two huge paper, one group project, one mini paper, and a final.  Not too bad. Definitely take his class.
1284497	Jose	Gomez	8
Enjoyable class. You learn about practical real-world politics. Professor Gomez is nice, funny and approachable.
This is like a high school class--Prof Gomez regurgitates the textbook to you.  Grading is unclear.  If you want to learn, I'd take a different class.
Excellent class. Straight forward grading. Very interesting, practical insights on California Politics. You need to attend class and participate.
TAKE THIS CLASS.  easiest A i've ever gotten.  not only was this class easy, it was actually interesting!  Lockyer (state treasurer) has some goood stories.  he brings guest speakers as well, and they're usually really awesome (gray davis came for my class, as well as a supreme court justice)  anyways, why are you reading this, TAKE THIS CLASSSSSSS
Easy professor that made the topic interesting at times.
Awesome teacher. I highly recommend him.
There are three take home tests and no paper or in-class final. Always go to class because it is a large portion of your grade. This class is taught with Bill Lockyer (California Treasurer). There are many amazing guest speakers. The only time to use the textbook is for the take home exams. Great learning experience with an easy class.
Easiest upper division class. 1 take home midterm, 1 paper, 1 take home final, and class attendance is a must *you get alot of points for it. Useless to read, EASY A, alot of EC opportunities, also taught with State treasurer Bill Lockyer. Class is kinda boring but you need to go, easy, relaxed class. Def take it!!
1274205	Brian	Baucom	8
Great professor! Very straightforward and does his best to help you get the highest grade possible in the class. Exams were all multiple choice and the lowest score was dropped. Reuses questions for the final and gives extra credit opportunities. Highly recommend taking any class taught by this professor!
Amazing professor! I'm terrible at math, but he made it easy and bearable! if you ever need help, he's very helpful and understanding.  Just pay attention and keep going to class and you'll do fine.
tests are all multiple choice, no curve balls. he's a nice guy, young and knowledgeable. kinda boring, & tries to get participation... but it's psyc100, what do you expect. class covers a LOT of material but it's all very general, lots of common sense. would be interested to see what his upper division psyc classes are like.
Very clear and helpful. Interesting topic. But I took this class in the morning and he didn't really manage to keep me awake, he had some fun moments but he could've been a little more enthusiastic. He's very smart tho. His tests are very straightforward & easy, nothing to confuse you.
Awesome teacher. Best class.
Super easy if you read and pay attention to lecture slides.  Interesting topic.  Explains everything.  Great professor.
Althought stats is a really boring class, he made it bearable and was really helpful and kind. He really wants everyone to do well and is always there to answer questions after class or in office hours. I am horrible at math and it was not hard to get a good grade in this class.
Great teacher.  He makes everything simple to understand and never keeps the class just to take up time.  An easy A if you do the homework and attend class.  Best teacher I've had at SC.
1701751	Henrike	Moll	8
Best professor at USC. Rented the textbook and never opened it. You MUST attend lectures because her exams are based off of them. She is as clear as her exams. There is no way that you will get anything lower than a B in your overall grade. 4 assignments (no papers) where you answer short questions. EC is given for JEP only.
INCREDIBLY SWEET!!!! great teacher
Professor Moll is excellent; she makes everything super clear and easy to understand, and is always happy to explain if someone still doesn't understand. She's funny and pretty casual when it comes to her interaction with the class, which makes the semester interesting and the environment enjoyable. I highly recommend this class and Professor Moll.
Moll is super cute and sweet. I would recommend her class. She really emphasizes making things as straightforward as possible which is great. This was a really interesting, fun and easy class.
Dr. Moll is so sweet and caring and some students take advantage of that. Nonetheless, my favorite professor at USC. Very intelligent and clear lecture material.
Favorite teacher at USC, very smart and very interesting lecture material.  Sign up for her classes if possible.
My favorite psych professor at USC.
great teacher
593611	Ralph	Fertig	8
His life story is amazing!! An he is 85 years old but still has the heart of a true social worker, going out into the community and dedicating his life to social justice, a true inspiration
Delightful individual who clearly has a clue as to what he is teaching, particularly with his history of involvement with civil rights. We got a glimmer of his true abilities a few sessions, but I felt he was either coasting or too uncomfortable with the "shackles" of a foundation year class and prescribed syllabus.
Super easy class but his lessons can be a drag. Has really interesting life experiences.
extremely boring, but very easy grader
Fertig has so much experience in the field of social work dating back to his work with Martin Luther King Jr....he has amazing stories.....Lectures a bit dull, but easy class.
he has the most amazing stories and is actually a pretty easy grader, which is nice given the level of work required for this class
No Comments
Lectures can be kind of rambling but Fertig has amazing life experience. The dry lectures are compensated for with sheer passion for social change and he grades fairly (generously).
716024	Gokul	Mandayam	8
He is kind, cares about students, clients, and learning!  Very passionate about SOWK!  Lectures go with his agenda and what he believes you need to know, HAVE to read the book for papers and quizzes because little of book is discussed in class. You will certainly learn and challenged but on a global perspective!
He's not actually as bad as everyone makes it seem. It's just the content of the class that isn't interesting. Yes there are quizzes and tests but they are open book and he does his best throughout class to work on application so you understand the material. Not too heavy on stats more so on just interpreting research papers so that they are useful
Professor doesn't provide power points or notes for the students. Lectures from pp at times, but whizzes thru them so fast its both difficult to understand and write information down, so you get neither done. He is a nice man, but makes research almost impossible to comprehend because he is so confusing and unclear. ALOT of work, tests r hard!!!
None
.
No Comments
He knows his stuff and is ery intelligent. He's very passionate about research and has a great deal of experience. However; he has a hard time keeping the student's attention and instilling his passion for research onto his students. He truly cares about the students & it's unclear if it's just the subject that's borring or his teaching style.
He seems to be very smart and knowledgeable, but can't teach worth anything. His tests and finals have little to do with what he teaches in class. Seems highly perplexed about teaching.
1170400	Lucia	Aparicio	8
Shes Awesome! If you want to learn as well as be challenged, take her !She gives  a lot of real life examples of scenarios to help you better understand. 
Not the best Professor. She did not cover all of the information because she gets off topic. She also reads the PowerPoint slides verbatim and gets made when you ask questions about assignments. 
She is a nice lady but her teaching is terrible. I would recommend you find another professor. She does not use a grading rubric for papers so the grades become very subjective.
Professor Aparicio is awesome!  She cares about her students and always helps us out with our clients. She follows the syllabus in order but appears to teach the class her own way. She is laid back and likes to bring food for us! Basically, in class be prepared to talk and participate. As long as you do some reading you will be fine.
Wow. I loved her the first few weeks. but then throughout the semester I would leave class feeling like I had not learned anything related to the syllabus. Sometimes she will read her notes out loud- i felt i was in elementary school again. wARNING: SHE WILL NOT THOROUGHLY COVER NECESSARY MATERIAL!
Great professor to review your client case and assess &quot;real life&quot; situations. Not so good with theory applications or reviewing reading assignments
Wonderful professor.  Assisted students in applying theory to real life.  Did not just read out of the book or lecture at students.
Pros - always available to the students, makes sure that assignments are understood, spends a good amount of time helping students problem-solve therapeutic dilemmas.  Cons - very disorganized, gives lots of handouts with no explanation or organization as to what they are, reads her notes out loud to the class instead of teaching.
1441088	Erik	Schott	8
By far my favorite professor in the program! He is very welcoming, encouraging, and funny. He breakdown the assignments so they are not hard to complete, and he always available if you need help. He will have you laughing throughout the semesters and sometimes will provide snacks. 
Excellent professor!!  Erik is very down-to-earth, kind, and understanding.  He is accessible and flexible.  He provides tons of resources and utilizes different activities throughout the semester.  He encourages participation and gives everyone a chance to speak.  I highly recommend him!
Claims to be a wonderful social worker yet grades with little regard for effort
His insight is amazing! I would recommend him for sure! He really wants every student to be successful.
Nice guy. He tends to go on random tangents and doesn't always get through class material or rushes through it. He does make class interesting. Recommend this prof. He is fair and a good teacher.
He makes the class interesting and fun by letting everyone get a turn to voice their opinion and comments on your opinion before moving on.  He likes when you participate and is understanding when you haven't had time to read all the material.  He grades fairly and explains why he graded the way he did very well.
GREAT PROFESSOR! TAKE HIM FOR 505!!!!!

1701152	Jane	Allgood	8
Awesome instructor. Does not stress over APA, she is more interested in content than format. Very open to discussions in class and amazingly helpful.
Professor Allgood is a kind teacher, she is flexible and understanding. Her material can be dense as she is teaching policy and research. sometimes things were confusing as she would mix up due dates but she was flexible and honest with getting things sorted out.
no interest in policy until she got me thinking about current affairs.
She is interested in allowing her student's creativity shine through in-class and on-paper. Book readings are not discussed in class, but current affairs and anything students or she want to share are covered. No ppts and does not give strict guidelines on assignments this may be difficult for some students but keep in mind you are in grad school.
She is interested in allowing student's creativity shine through in-class and on-paper. Book readings are not discussed in class. She does not give strict guidelines on assignments which may be difficult for some students but keep in mind you are in grad school. She is extremely helpful and open to students sharing their thoughts in class.
She got me interested in current affairs and how policy works.
I love her because she isn't a Powerpoint Drone.
I had no interest in Policy whatsoever until I took Dr. Allgood's class.  She encourages students to really think and apply policy concepts for themselves in meaningful ways.
1828953	Laura	Owen	8
Laura is the greatest professor I have ever had in my education. I take her for 534 and she is not only inspirational, but she cares more then any teacher I have ever met. She will not only take the effort to make sure you understand, but she will provide you with the proper resources if you dont. I will never forget the lessons she has taught me. 
Prof Owen is one of the best teachers at USC. A lot of students want to take her classes, so they fill up quickly. If you want to take her, you've got to register very early. 
Prof Owen is very engaging and makes class fun and interesting. She brings a lot of outside resources and experience to the lecture and encourages students to participate by debating current policies in class. She talks really fast, which is sometimes hard to follow, but she cares about her students and gives good career advice.
Prof Owen has a lot of enthusiasm and obvious passion for both teaching and social work. She is enthusiastic, knowledgable, and humorous. Her class is a lot of fun and she does her best to keep her students engaged. 
Prof Owen has a real passion for social justice. Her classes are usually interesting and she brings a lot of outside resources to her classes. She makes all her students stay up to date on the news so they can participate in class discussions. One of the best profs I've had at USC.
I took prof owen for both 534 and 535. After having two semesters with her, I changed my  concentration to COPA (policy). She's very inspiring!
Professor Owen is great! She's really funny and helpful. She has a real desire to help her students succeed in school and in their careers as social workers. Her classes are usually interesting - she presents a lot of videos and outside resources to keep our attention.
Great professor.  Keeps conversations interesting and engaging with regards to policy.  She applies it to real life and current events, and has an easygoing demeanor.  Fair grader, sets expectations up front and sticks with them. Professional.  Also teaches leadership and 534 courses.  A veteran who has experience working for VA as social worker.
703313	Leland	Saito	8
As long as you do the readings or go to some lectures and discussions you will pass. Lectures were pretty interesting and we watched moviesvideos most of the classes so it wasnt that bad. You dont need any books because everything was online so it was a pretty good class.
Saito's class is a great GE 2 but you have to put in some effort for an A. No effort would get you a B B-. 2 papers, 1 midterm, 1 final (both essay exams). Exams are pretty much what is on the study guide but require elaboration on your part. Doesn't post notes online so attendance is essential! TAs do all of the grading so get on their good side
Great professor who presents his own research and is very knowledgable. Lectures are a little boring but there is never any homework. Just one paper, midterm, and final. There is a lot of reading but if you take through notes you dont need to read at all. Easy A if you take notes and pay attention.
I took a GE 6 with him that was paired w/ my Writ 140 Class. I personally found the material interesting SOMETIMES, but class is kinda boring. He does crack some jokes & he was very outgoing which made me love him! Lots of reading, but you don't need to do all of it, it just helps you understand his lectures. EASY A!
Saito is cool.
Absolutely knowledgable prof. who tells interesting stories at every class keeping students awake. Always keep an open mind for opinions. He repeats often to make sure students fully understand the material. My favorite prof. @ SC so far. No homeworks, tests are all essays, but nothing tricky. No need to read. Listen in lectures &gt; good enough.
I had this guy when he was at UCSD. He was pretty good--dry, deadpan humor. he needed to improve his lectures to powerpoint because people were walking out of his class they were so bored. But his book was really well done and he is very approachable.
No Comments
1497081	Joseph	Hawkins	8
I have really mixed feelings about this class. He is a really nice guy and very willing to help all of his students, but this is by far my most stressful class. No exams- your whole grade is based off papers. You have to put in an incredible amount of time for your final paper. I would not recommend this class unless required for anthro major.
One of the most boring classes I've taken on a very interesting subject. Annoying that lecture was mandatory because I didn't get anything extra from them. Your grade depends on your TA and I had a particularly useless one.
GE class. Hawkins doesn't grade reading reponses, because the class is so large, so that portion of your grade is up to what kind of TA you get. Midterms are only worth 7.5% of your grade each. Final Paper is okay. Attendance is a must. Participation is always good. Great guy!
His lectures are very general and he provides the notes for you to study by, though, you won't fully understand them unless you read. I didn't read at all and then three weeks before the second mid-term I crammed and I still got a B+ in the class. A good TA helps a lot! Readings are pretty interesting too. I liked the class. :)
Professor Hawkins and I did not gave a very good understanding of each other; he was not helpful because he said I was too 'late' in seeking his help around the 11th week of class when I realized I was not doing well. The point is, its a huge impersonal lecture, and he's quite scatterbrained and unhelpful with struggling students such as myself.
Class based on articles but he goes over all of them if you pay attention. It all depends on if you get a good TA
Lectures are basically direct quotes from the book, sometimes with interesting asides. Best lecture was the first day when he was talking about his life. TAs are hit or miss. Midterms can sometimes be worded oddly, so study for tests. Response Paper guidelines are not always clear. Nice guy who's had an amazing life. Overall, a decent class.
Such a useless class. Sat there and listened to him name drop and talk about his glory days working for Wolfgang Puck. Main agenda seemed to be pushing homosexuality down everyone's throat. Boring class discussions and annoyingly liberal. Avoid this class.
1538531	Ana Teresa	Martinez	8
NO GO. Refuses to go over drafts of your writing but holds you to a very high standard when grading them. Takes off major  percentage when making the tiniest grammar error because she expects you to write on par to a native speaker. Highly unfair. She is a good person but she makes her class way to hard and its hard to say anything nice.
Really enjoyed having her as a teacher! She was more than willing to meet during office hours. Most of class is devoted to discussion and grammar review and she encourages participation. She is so approachable, flexible, and personable! You can tell she really wants students to succeed. Will take her again for SPAN 261 next semester.
Meh. I wanted to like Ana Teresa and the class, and she's nice. But her tests are super hard and forget asking her to explain anything in English. I don't know how she has survived in the US so long with English as bad as hers. Ah well. I got an A, but it was because I sucked up to her and made her laugh. There are better instructors.
Great professor. I reccomend since she creates a great learning environment where all students are encouraged to speak up during class.
If you put in a little work doing the rather juvenile busywork she assigns and participate in class every once in a while she will like you. This lady is such a sweetheart!! Overall not a hard class. Her discussions are helpful although she doesn't speak very good english
Easy class. Boring, boring, boring. She assigns a ton of homework readings that no one does. I don't feel as if my spanish has improved at all.
Good teacher but difficult and exams are very challenging. Not the easiest class.
Not the easiest professor, she weighs heavily on improvement and participation. She gives a lot of homework and expects you to participate, so make sure you are on top of all readings. Unfortunately, she has a hard time speaking English so it is difficult for her to explain in English
1580311	Consuelo	Siguenza-Ortiz	8
Prof Siguenza-Ortiz is truly amazing! She is the best spanish teacher I have ever had. Always is clear and friendly during class. She really wants all of her students to do well. Really really amazing! Take her!!
Consuelo Siguenza-Ortiz is the sweetest and most helpful lady I've ever had the pleasure of taking a class from. If you're taking any level of Spanish, you MUST have her
TAKE HER. She is a wonderful professor, very friendly, and will answer all questions.  The only downside (whole department from what I understand) is that you are LEARNING the language BY YOURSELF. Need to do blackboard- if you ask her she will open up answers. Tests are doable- just put vocab and conjugate properly as much as possible. VERY EASY.
Take her!! She truly cares about her students and makes Spanish less painful.
She is just awesome.  A abnormally kind person who has a passion for Spanish.  She is a very fair grader.  Take her for sure!
Great professor. By taking the time to learn each students name, you can tell she genuinely cares about her students and their well-being in her class. This class is not overly difficult. just put the work in and you'll do well
Extremely knowledgable and very intelligent. It's easy to see that she really cares about her students & wants them to do well.  She's very helpful. Overall I would definitely recommend taking her class. If you're not amazing at Spanish, try and make it to every class session because it really contributes to your overall grade.
I'm terrible at Spanish, but this class actually helped my GPA. She's so easy and sweet and will let you speak English. She'll call on you sometimes, but on her quizzes, she literally doesn't even grade the compositions. I got 100% on all of them and both my oral exams. She loves her students, so as long as you make a little effort, you'll pass.
437384	Jim	Wilson	8
I enjoy his class very much, and I learn a lot about things I've never even thought about before.
Interesting
His class isn't easy. You really have to invest yourself and he's such a no-nonsense guy that you can't use any of your crutches or tricks. They read like a kids book to him. His demand for focus and determination as an artist and need for presence are amazing. If you couldn't get through his class, or handle the truth about your work, it means the rigors of getting rejected professionally probably are not for you. It's not personal - His goal is to make your performance technique appear to be REAL. Simple.
No Comments
This class was the worst.  Jim just loooves to hear himself talk.  But on the upside the TA is quite cute I'm told!
No Comments
The Drama of Human Relations will blow. your. mind. Maybe the best class I've ever had the opportunity to take. Jim is a genius.
he challenges me, and pushes me to new depths. totaly amazing, will change your life!
1142322	Stacie	Chaiken	8
excellent, none better
She is an interesting character, but I learned to love her strange ways. I learned a lot from her recommendations to think about the world differently and I am definitely happy with the course. I recommend taking it.
super into her own philosophies about acting, difficult to work with and doesn't understand how to engage students and make them comfortable and interested in acting.
In my 4yrs of schooling this is by far the worst teacher I have had. Incredibly insecure and borderline incompetent. She is very controlling in the classroom does not even allow students to cross their arms.She has no real method of teaching, literally just goes into the class and does what she wants. Would highly discourage anyone from taking her.
She is a really interesting teacher! Really focuses on doing and intention. Before going into the class i had my own perceived notion on acting, and if you do too, i suggest totally letting go of all of that and really try to do it her way. you will get an A if you do. Just really understand what she is trying to teach and you will do fine.
Class: &quot;The Dig: Archeology of Inspiration&quot;. First time she taught the class, and she handed us a &quot;rough syllabus&quot;. She has no idea what she wants to do with the class which made it pretty worthless overall, but it's  easy to pass AS LONG AS YOU ATTEND. Don't miss a single class or she will make you do a ton of work to make it up. Useless lectures.
I think she's fantastic. For a beginner's acting class I can't imagine much better. She focuses on relationship and intention and is very encouraging. She has high standards but her focus is on the process, not the result. She's a fantastic acting teacher and if you are willing to try her approaches you will learn A TON. GREAT teacher, love her :-)
Horrible teacher. DON'T TAKE HER. She actually makes acting boring as hell.  She's incredibly insecure - she can't stand it if you fold your arms or cross your legs because she thinks it opposes her.  She also doesn't know her history or facts. She never taught us about the historical basis of any acting methods - just her own &quot;Chaiken Method.&quot;
704580	Walter	Williams	8
Took this class pass/fail. Stopped going about halfway through the semester and still got an A- in the class. Lecture was somewhat interesting at first, but it got old eventually. I found him to be a bit too defensive sometimes when people asked him questions.
He is extremely passionate about the subject material and thus can sometimes go off on tangents (and tell very interesting stories!). Nonetheless, lectures can be somewhat boring. The class however is ridiculously easy and it is extremely easy to do well if you just do the work that is assigned, and there isn't a lot.
He would ramble on about nothing related to the class most of the lectures... he was very passionate about the subject but i found the class extremely boring...
Painfully useless class. His material was a mix of Anthro 101, inaccurate history, and tangential personal anecdotes (slideshows of his Indonesian travels are NOT relevant to gender!). Would not recommend if it were the last class on Earth.
Class was super. williams' voice is monotonous but records and uploads all lectures to internet :) disc sections were easy. grade breakdown: 30% midterm (super easy), 30% research paper (12-15 pgs, and u get the whole semester to work on it - easy & totally manageable - you pick youre own topic), 30% final (i got 100% w/ no effort), 10% disc.& misc
Prof. Williams is extremely smart and passionate about his subject. His TA however (Fall 2008 female TA) was extremely disorganized. The discussion sessions were not structured and every class we went in a different direction as far as the reading. Lectures however were interesting. Prof. does get passionate and controversial. Lots of reading!
it was a really interesting class, and he's super passionate.  Really woth it
Come to this class with an open mind.  He will challenge a lot of your ideas, and if you're not willing to question your assumptions about gender, you will be frustrated the entire class.  If you're smart enough to deal with new ideas, he is great, very helpful, interesting, knowledgeable.
242917	Phyllis	Franzek	8
Wonderful professor. You have 4 papers, 3 of which you can use for your Portfolio. She allows grace periods which is really helpful when you need it. Tough grader, but gives back incredibly useful feedback. Your writing will definitely improve with her.
Dr. Franzek is intelligent, genuine, and caring. She is tough because she wants the best for you.
Took WRIT 340 Health Sciences with her. Helpful and is gracious with deadlines. She makes herself available and she's very smart. Get to know her and pick her brain a little. She's got a lot of great things to say. She's also a fair grader and will tell you what she's looking for. If you get an A, you deserve it, if you get an F, you deserve it.
I loved Franzek! She extends a lot of deadlines, and made writing 340 less of a burden for me. She is very liberal, and expresses her opinions a lot, but I didn't mind it. Take her!
Dr. Franzek was very helpful and genuinely wanted to help her students with writing. She is a great professor and I learned a lot from this class!
No Comments
Franzek is awesome!  she treats her students with respect and genuinely cares about them and their work.  She was one of my inspirations to go to graduate school after USC.  Franzek is straight forward, compassionate, and all around an excellent teacher.
Love, love, loved her. She was a bit tough and cynical, but she was a great professor
453042	Janalynn	Bliss	8
Truely a wonderful person. I kept in contact with her after the class and still talk to her on occasion. Very helpful and willing to bend over backwards to help if you just ask.
she changed my life, great teacher, hard but kind, wrote a letter of rec for me
she seemed so serious at first but turned out to be so sweet and helpful
always available to help, seemed to care about subject and students both
she was the best professor ive had so far at usc.
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
900232	Erika	Wenstrom	8
She was amazing. The class was great, she made the intense amount of work manageable. She was definitely my favorite professor this semester. She greatly improved my writing and was very helpful and fun to talk to.
A fantastic professor, she's so nice and improved my writing a great deal. Her comments are very useful. Even though we wrote seven essays it seemed only somewhat overwhelming. The class was great too, she's chill and even though we got off topic we got through everything we had to.
Outstanding teacher.  Gave me the confidence and technique I needed to become an outstanding writer.  One of the finest teachers I've ever had.
Erika is undoubtedly the BEST teacher I have ever encountered. She is extremely clear about what she wants to see in your writing and she offers valuable feedback on every single assignment. She's a fair grader and she's constantly trying to help her students in any way she can. She brought us cupcakes on the last day of class! I love her.
Erika is by far the BEST teacher i have had at USC. COMPLETELY changed my outlook on writing, boosted my confidence, made me believe in myself. EXTREMELY helpful, very fair, and crystal clear when she talks. BRILLIANT TEACHER.
Erika is my favorite teacher so far at USC. She is funny, relatable, interesting and smart. She is a fair grader who pushes you to complete your best writing. Definitely use her office hours because she really helps to push your paper topics. Always responds to emails promptly and is lax about deadlines. This class was fun and my writing improved
AMAZING teacher! She tries to make you a better writer, but is very helpful! She made me like writ 140. Take her if you can!!!
Very fair grader and clarity is mainly an issue with the concepts WRIT-140 makes us learn as opposed to her teaching style.  Always responsive to e-mails and willing to set up appointments and conferences.
968203	Jose	Navarro	8
A great professor who genuinely cares about his students both inside and outside of class :)
Jose is a nice guy, truly. But he's a slacker when it comes to getting papers back on time. He's not very clear in explaining what he wants on papers and you end up having to do many, many rewrites for a good grade. Writ 140 is a waste of time, but Jose antagonizes it.
Jose is a really great guy. He truly cares about his students and is very willing to help, in and out of class. He's a great person to get to know. Nobody likes taking Writ 140, but if you can take it with Jose, it will be much more enjoyable!
Jose is a fantastic WRIT 140 teacher.  Not only did he offer tons of insight on argumentation and logic, but he was also a really cool guy along the way. It was a difficult class, but a very enjoyable one at the same time thanks to Jose.  We had way better discussions in his class, then in our actual discussion section.  A great guy to get to know!
I didn't like him that much. He tried to be nice, but I didn't learn how to write any better. I got a C+. He's not as amazing as the others are saying.
great mentor with broad knowledge of writing.  Connects with class in a way that is rare for a professor.  Great teacher, great friend.
Although I only took a course with him during the summer for a summer writing program he is the best teacher I ever had! I can say many things about him, but I will only say this, he is my idol, my mentor and most of all he is my friend. Thank You Mr. Navarro for everything.
No Comments
1156363	Mitra	Parineh	8
Mitra is entertaining and darling. She expects a lot from her class, but if you're willing to work, you will be fine. Ask questions! She is super smart and can help you figure out whatever you're stuck on. My writing is a far cry from where I started.
She is super nice and willing to help, but in writing 150 its basically impossible to get above a B. She helps in office hours and you think you are doing well but will get bad grades on the papers. Going to class is a joke you do nothing but you have to go to all classes. Writing 150 sucks, I do not recommend her, but if you ask for help its ok. 
Here's the deal. Writing 150 is terrible no matter who you take it with, so accept that fact. But Mitra cares about her students (always took extra time for anything) and makes class as interesting as possible. She's punctual, smart, and nice.
Parineh is a very tough grader and personally for me didn't provide enough information on why I got the grades I got. As a freshman, it was a very scary class to take. However, if I would've taken the class as a junior, I would have got a lot more out of it. 
Definitely a TOUGH grader, but you will learn a lot by having to work to get the grade. She's incredibly smart (will intelligently respond to anything you bring up in lecture) and is always willing to help you improve your work through one-on-one conferences. Also she's adorable!   
cooooool
At first you think she's going to be a really easy teacher but she's not! (Pretty hard actually!) BUT she definately will give u as much time as you want to help you understand what writing is all about. 140 is not a fun class, but Mitra made it awesome and is a really cute teacher. Take her if you can!!
Mitra is great!
1505873	Shefali	Rajamannar	8
Professor Rajamannar is wonderful! WRIT340 is notoriously a difficult class, but Professor R made it manageable. She really helped me improve my writing skills and consistently gave constructive feedback. She's extremely knowledgeable and very sweet! Highly recommend her for WRIT340. 
Rajammanar is by far my favorite professor at USC. She genuinely cares about each and every student and if you can get on her good side within the first few weeks, you're set to get a good grade in the class. The essay assignments are manageable and you have plenty of time in between due dates to work on other classes. I would highly recommend her.
She is an effective teacher who genuinely cares about improving her students’ writing. I began her class feeling like an avg writer and came out knowing I could write a strong paper. The skills I developed have proven useful in scholarship essays and grad papers. Her class may be challenging, but the time & effort I put in have more than paid off.
She is the hardest grader I have ever had in my life. Very difficult to please her and she has a very specific way that she wants students to write. She takes the fun out of writing.
Rajamannar is so sweet, not to mention brilliant. Most of the time I found myself simultaneously terrified and in awe. she doesn't eff around with grading so either be an awesome writer naturally or not mind getting an average grade. she stresses that her grading is results based, not effort based; she means it. i love her, the end.
Professor Rajamannar is great; she knows the content very well and provides really good explanations. Her classes demand constant participation, and she likes to give pop quizzes on readings. Just beware that she's a tough grader, and very strict with papers.
Professor R is caring and brilliant. She really gives students plenty of 1-1 interaction and feedback on your papers before they're due. If you use these opportunities, you can get great feedback on how to get an A on your papers. She really gives you freedom to write about things that interest you, but she pushes you to look beyond the obvious.
Prof R is one of the best writing instructors I've ever had. Her explanations are in depth but easy to grasp and she's very easy to talk to. That said, the assignments take a fair amount of time to complete and she's a strict grader. I was one of only a handful of students in all her sections to get an overall A.
1533188	Jackson	Bliss	8
He made me a better writer.
noone I know likes WRIT 140, but by the end of the semester, not only did I love this class, but I improved a lot as a writer.  Jackson is intense and demands alot from you but he also rewards hard work, inspires you and makes you laugh.  And he's got  style.
I can honestly say he has been my best teacher at USC, first off no one ever likes writing 140 but this was my favorite class. Not only did I actually learn but it was SO much fun. Jackson is HILARIOUS and he always has a story to tell us. He really wants you to do well and he understands you have other obligations, he is precious TAKE his course.
Jackson is tough but a really great teacher. I came into Writing 140 thinking it was going to be one of my least favorite classes, and it was a lot of work but Jackson keeps it interesting and I honestly feel I've become a better writer. He's really good at spacing out work so that it doesn't become overwelming.
I think he's a fantastic professor and made writ 140 such a pleasant class for me. There's a lot of work but you start enjoying it and everything's spaced out so its never stressful. Also, he's extremely sweet, nice and totally crush-worthy!
amazing teacher. made writing 140 a great experience.
There's tons of writing, but Jackson spaces out assignments.  Overall, great class.  Jackson is tough, but that's because he expects alot from his students.  He's a great teacher, major cutie too.
jackson is a tough professor, but he's also smart, funny and cool too.  i can honestly say that i became a better writer because of him.  plus, he's cute.
1807850	Andrew	De Silva	8
Write 340 is an anarchic class within the USC general education curriculum, both Andrew works to make the class both worthwhile and enjoyable. I cannot express the extent that his advice and teaching has aided my  written word. His class - with exception to a few other Writ 340 teachers - stands as a pinnacle of USC's writing education. Engage. 
He is young and knows how to teach college students. Really clear on his explanations and what he wanted, definitely recommend him as a professor.
Andrew is amazing. Not an easy grader but definitely knowledgable and passionate about writing. He gives you one free extension and is super helpful when you go to office hours. Also he is really hot.
De Silva made a writing course bearable! He is funny and quirky and extremely pleasant. As for his teaching ability, he is very clear about what he expects. Also, his grading style does not change, so it's very easy to progress from a C to an A if you follow instructions.
I would definitely recommend Andrew. He's a great professor, who relates to the students and makes the world enjoyable.
WRIT 340 is just a sucky class, but Andrew makes it enjoyable and meaningful. He is super friendly and helpful, but a hard grader. My favorite professor of the semester by far.
He is a wonderful professor. I looked forward to going to class every day and felt like I learned a lot, which I can't say about a lot of the other writing classes I've taken. He's incredibly intelligent and relates the course to current events and trends, making it interesting. Very helpfu in feedback and understanding about extensions :)
Awesome teacher. Became a much better writer.  He's not an easy grader but neither are any of the Writ 140 professors.  I would highly recommend Andrew if you can get him as a professor.
1520261	Botao	Yang	7
Seriously, just memorize every single slide and you will do fine.Midterm super easy, final was painfully hard though.The big project at the end was time consuming, but overall okay class. Final was hard.
Heavy accent, but is an easy professor. Gives you practice exams and print the slides out for you. Straightforward person, study hard and you will do well. Recommended.
He has a chinese accent and is hard to understand. but his midterm is easy. seriously just memorize the study guide he gives you and you'll get an A. he likes when you participate and forces you to during discussion so just go with it. All you do is go to lecture, pick up the handout of printed slides, sit and play flappy bird then leave. its great
Great professor; he really cares for his students and strives to be as fair as possible. He is incredibly intelligent and is straightforward in what he looks for.
LOVE HIM!!  He is the nicest teacher I have had at USC so far and I loved the class.  In a large class he learns every student's name.  Exams are very straight forward, the project was interesting, and he assigns no homework.  As long as you learn the terminology on the power points he hands out each class, you will do well. Take Yang!
He prints out the Powerpoint slides and gives you a study guide for each midterm. The study guide pretty much has most of the questions on the Midterms and exams. He sometimes does attendance when he notices a lot of students are not attending. No quizzes. There is 1 group project.  1 Essay or 2 Business Research Study Participation.
he is alright nothing special, and a bit hard to understand
1359558	Shana	Redmond	7
One of the best classes I've taken at USC. Inspiring, infuriating, revolutionary. Dr. Redmond is brilliant and her lectures are mind-blowing. Don't miss out on the lectures and do the reading. This class will open your eyes.
ONE UNANNOUNCED POP QUIZ WORTH 5% OF GRADE! Professor Redmond teaches this GE like a freshman course in high school. Lots of busy work. No room for opinions other than hers. She literally reads aloud from books for entire lectures, AFTER assigning the same section for reading. Disorganized and unprepared. Shows youtube videos for 1/2 of lecture.
Honestly, this class is really eye-opening. Doctor Redmond really knows what she is talking about. She is very serious and her lectures are heavy, but then again, this is a controversial and loaded topic. Definitely one of my favorite GE's
Honestly, Shana was one of the best teachers I've had in my entire college career and her class absolutely changed my life. She is genuinely passionate about what she's teaching and, honestly, if you didn't attend her lectures you seriously missed out. I left this class a better, more well-rounded and conscientious person.
Pseudo-intellectual professor who reads word for word from her lecture notes. Doesn't know a single one of her students, and let's the TAs take over all of the grading. Attendance for both lecture and section absolutely necessary. Lots of readings required. Somehow the dry reading assignments turn out to be more interesting than this professor.
Worst professor I have ever had. Makes absolutely no effort for the class and is never prepared.
Professor Redmond is really passionate about the subject. She is very strict, and will embarass you if you are texting/sleeping in class. 1 paper, 1 mapping project, midterm/final. Also, a weekly 1 page reading response, and you have to lead one section. LOTS of reading. Not an easy class, but interesting. TAs grade. Take attendance in lecture/disc
455859	Shirley	Maxey	7
she's soooo cooool....
As some have already mentioned, expect your grade to drop after finals. She grades VERY subjectively. I got over 89% and still got a B+ in her class although we had a very casual and friendly relationship. She provided a weak email explanation (that was almost a month late, literally), saying that you cannot trust numbers for your grades. OKAY.
I do agree that Shirley favors the young men.  Perhaps she's insecure because she seems threated by anyone who knows more about the subject than she does.  She easily turns hot or cold with people.  Your grade after the finals will dip because she wants good evals and final grades come after.
No Comments
Shireley is great. She is a very effective teacher, and she genuinely cares about her students. She would do anything for her students, and her students would do anything for her. But, I do have to agree with the other review that Shirley has a thing for the frat boy types.
I love Professor Maxey.  She's so sweet!  She's the kind of woman that you know would do anything for you.  I'm a big fan.
Professor grades very subjectively.  What most students complain about is that she gives better grades to the students she likes (i.e. frat boys).  Expect grade in class to possibly drop dramatically after finals, esp. since she's so subjective.
566513	Mark	De Fond	7
the best
Top Notch
I love fraud!
Great professor and class.
He's very clear and organized. He does a great job of presenting difficult and potentially boring material in an interesting way. Definitely one of my favorite teachers.
He taught me to appreciate fraud.  What more could I want&#63;
He's awesome!
1197984	Jerry	Arnold	7
Great class with a great professor. Is strict on grades but very nice and helpful during office hours.
Jerry's just one of those older guys you like. He's going to be long-winded, he's going to tell those irrelevant stories, but he's also caring and will help you with anything you need. I think he's about the best you can hope for out of an accounting professor
He's the biggest sweetheart and will work with you endlessly to make sure you understand the material. I have 0 interest in Accounting but he really made me see the value of it in everyday life. The subject is boring by nature, but he's a great professor!
approachable professor, but expects students to learn material before coming to class; easy class for those with backgrounds in accounting
Such a nice professor, but I really didn't understand his teaching style. He goes over &quot;homework&quot; in class but doesn't collect it or even check you did it. I learned everything from the book and doing a lot of practice problems. He gives you the answer keys to the chapter problems, and the tests were pretty easy.
Easy class
tests are just like the practice exams
1853349	Nicolas	Bartlett	7
Professor Bartlett is super passionate about the subject he teaches. Although the subject itself can get boring at times, he does his best to make it fascinating to students. Not a whole lot of workload, but you do have to put effort into the class if you want a good grade. His office hours definitely helps as well! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Great professor! The course material is pretty bland on its own, but he makes it seem interesting. The class is easy as long as you do the readings and come to class. Also, doesn't hurt that he's attractive!
he was amazing. I fell in love with anthropology. he is the best professor! you will fall in love with him in every way. Just go to class, it's so worth it! Class is not hard, takes minimal effort. Truly a class you will be so glad you took at the end of the semester. I learned so much! He is such an engaging professor.
Excellent professor that is very passionate about his subject. The readings can be quite dense and tricky, but he is very flexible and willing to make sure his students get the material. Go to class, do the readings, and engage in lecture and you should be fine!
TRULY AMAZING PROF!! Truly cares and listens to students' opinions and thoughts. Makes class interesting with a boring topic. Not easy, but as long as you put time & effort, anyone can do it! He offers help when you need them. He's also really good looking. Promise you, he's awesome!
Professor Nick was really good! LOTS OF READING so be prepared! If you sit in the front and are engaging in discussion you'll do fine on midterm and final which are just a bunch of in class essays. There are also essay projects which help boost your grade and easy reading quizes IF YOU READ! As long as you go to lecture, you'll be fine!
He was AMAZING. TAKE HIS CLASS. He is a really engaging professor and makes you love studying anthropology. Truly Amazing.
1384095	Ann	Yasin	7
She's a very caring professor who loves what she teaches! Her lectures were decent, and the class itself was fairly easy. Vigorously keeping up with the reading is not imperative, as she goes over the essential materials in class. Excellent person, good professor.
yasin is super passionate and clear! yay for not having an accent. Very open to questions. Class just reviewed pictures. Don't have to read the book cz she goes over the reading & pics in class. 2 one page papers. one 5 pg final paper assessing a picture of ur choice. Easy A
I dropped another GE and transferred into AHIS & it was soo much easier. You don't really ever have to read the textbook because the pieces of art she gives on the tests are usually what she talked most about in class. You have homework for the discussion section but you don't always have to do it. There's a term paper that not fun but not terrible
very little homework. Attendance is not mandatory. Every friday there's one reading & you just discuss about it in fri discussions. She doesn't grade you on discussions so u don't even have to read. Midterm&Final super easy. its exam style and you just discuss/compare pictures & their contrast/harmony/blend ..etc take this GE! so easyyy
TAKE THIS GE! Least amount of homework of all the GE's: three 1 page paper & 1 research paper.  Reading is not mandatory. SUPER easy GE & she's a really easy grader. Got 10/10's on all my papers. GE is kind of boring because you just look at picture after picture in class and talk about how the picture's balance, color, harmony, shadowing...
Easy A in the class. Can fall asleep in the lectures but still make it up with your essays and tests aren't graded too hard. Definitely recommend if you've taken AP European History, AP Art History or history in general. If you are even a little bit interested in Art History, this is a good class to start.
I was not interested in this material before starting the class but actually found it kind of interesting.  The lecture is boring and you go through power points the whole time.  You have to write 2 papers and have a midterm and final.  She tells you specifically what is going to be on the exams. Definitely get Ellen Dooley as your TA.
1216191	Robin	Kelley	7
Great professor, loved the class. Lectures were interesting and insightful. Best professor at USC.
THE class I would recommend for incoming freshman, or anyone really. Wonderful class with challenging material that should be required. Robin Kelley is preetty awesome, always encourages students to engage in discussion, asks hard questions, gets us thinking...just wish more of my peers would care about the same issues
He's really enthusiastic about what he teaches, but the class itself can be really boring if you're not interested in the topic. His lectures have nothing to do with the papers that you write, but going to class does count as part of your grade. The only thing you need to do to get an A in this class is read the books.
Professor Kelley is an expert in his field yet he thinks his students love the material as much as he does. Unfortunately this isn't always the case, especially with a G.E class like Black Social Movements in the US. Regardless, the class is interesting. There are three assigned essays and discussion are boring. Manageable class.
HUGE EGO. If I had a nickel for every time he has said &quot;look me up on google&quot;. Very passionate, but his lectures are disorganized and his slides do nothing. Clearly knows what he's talking about but tends to ramble on on tangents, making lectures hard to follow. What he talks about in class has NOTHING to do with what you're actually graded on.
One of the greatest educators of all time. His passion is infectious, lectures are both entertaining as they are educational, and his sense of humor is engaging. Never a dull moment. A lot of easy reading and attendance is not mandatory; however, class is always crowded with other students not registered willing to take vacant seats.
He's extremely passionate about his subject, even to the point of slamming on tables and scaring his students. He loves Obama very much.
1423038	Mark	Irwin	7
A poet, not a teacher. Easy grader (assigns HW, but doesn't go over them). Knowledgeable about arts in general. No written critiques. Appreciates modern, hipster language. Got into arguments with students about 6 class sessions out of 15 (he talked overshut down students). Writes in his journal while students answer his questions. Self-absorbed. 
Professor Irwin is an outstanding professor. In the beginning I was very intimidate by him because he came off as a little dry. However, as the semester progressed I learned so much from his knowledge. I am a health promotion major but Professor Irwin's teaching actually made me enjoy literature. He is also extremely passionate about every work.
I got an A+ on every assignment without much effort. He is an easy grader, but seems like he will grade tough when he explains assignments. He expects a lot of discussion in class.
Great Professor, extremely knowledgeable and a relatively easy grader! Enjoyed a class I hardly expected to like
Wonderful, Brilliant, Very talented poet, Great sense of humor.  Loves his class.  Always willing to help.  Brings out the best you have to offer! An asset to USC.
Professor Irwin is a great professor. He gives a light workload, is a generous grader and gives out a lot of extra credit. Furthermore, he is humorous and interacts a lot with the class. He looks for creativity in students' literary analysis and strongly emphasizes in-class participation. I highly recommend this class with this professor.
I LOVE this guy. At first he seemed a bit dull, but he turned out to be an absolutely brilliant guy with a wicked sense of humor. Just pay attention to him and you'll be entertained. He's truly passionate about the books we read and loves his students. A good grade comes from formulating your own opinions and perspectives. And he gives out stars!!
1773055	Anna	Krakus	7
We talked about some really interesting stuff: Kafka, and Dostoyevsty, and Derrida, and Anna just kinda made academia like really cool. I felt really cool in her class. Highly recommend her.
She is a good professor. Pretty much reading but also some movie watching which make the class easier. Fair grade and not much homework (just reading). If you get a chance to take her Crime stories, you should do it.
It is not an easy class. But listen the most important thing. Hard work and result. RESULT. FAIR RESULT. I can speak about her for decades and millenniums. SHE IS UNBELIEVABLE. O MY Goodness, what a brilliant professor and personality. Thank you professor, that you are. She is very very very beautiful.2 things in one-Beautiful mind and amazing look
Prof. Krakus is one of the most interesting, competent and caring teachers I've ever encountered. ARLT: Crime stories was by far my favorite class at USC. There may be quite a bit of work involved in this class but it never gets extremely difficult. We got to watch a lot of movies and had great in class discussions.
Fantastic class, highly recommend! 1 midterm paper (2-3 pages), 1 final paper (5-7 pages), and 6 questions on the in-class final which you have the option of taking throughout the semester. Material is interesting and fairly straightforward. Pretty easy A as long as you pay attention.
AWESOME CLASS!! Lectures were amazing and there are only 6 writing assignments throughout the semester, all counts towards final(which means if you do good on the assignments you don't even need to come to final exam). There are many readings but all interesting, also the professor is very accessible any sweet. SUPER RECOMMENDED!
Take this class best arts and letters course, really enjoyed it easy A, no stress at all. Take it
1928462	Oliver 	Rizk	7
Dr. Rizk's lectures move quickly and he doesn't post many words on his slides, so you need to attend every lecture to do well on the test. He explains material very well and is a very engaging lecturer, and he writes fair tests. 
Tests are ridiculous. Even if you demonstrate that you know the material the grading is so narrow. They will penalize you for asking for a re-grade and try to scare students from even asking by threatening that your grade may go down if you ask. School should be about learning and demonstrating that knowledge, this class is about memorizing. 
Professor Rizk is very approachable and encouraging.  He speaks fast during lecture but he doesn't mean to and you can always "interrupt" and ask questions. (He is actually asking for students to bring up questions).  Easy A as long as you love biology and study. Really nice professor. Saved my semester.  Don't miss out on him!
Definitely extremely smart, so I would sometimes have to read the book after class to understand the content explained for a layperson. 100% go to office hours because he's really forthcoming about helping. It's a tough class with a lot of material, so reading the book is absolutely crucial. He posts the slides, but lecture guides what to study.
He taught the bacteriaprotistfungi portion of BIO 120, which is hard to memorize in general.  He is very clear, but he talks super fast.  He just had to cover so much material, because it is a hard class altogether.  He is helpful if you ask questions and go to him in office hours.  go to every lecture!
His lectures are lightning fast, and with minimal information on the slides it's hard to keep up. He also will often make mistakes in lecture and send out emails with corrections. He is very intelligent and sometimes cant dumb things down to a basic enough level. Would never take his class again. Same issue in BIO 150 as well. Awful teacher. 
Gives amazing lectures, but he goes really fast sometimes. His powerpionts barely have any information on them. His tests are based on the lectures, so you need to go to class to do well.
1051815	Eric	Webb	7
Talks way too fast, his short answer test questions are hard... asks tiny details. Makes people draw diagrams on his exams. This class is a pain. Don't expect much of a curve too. Average is high around 77-78 and you will get a B- if you score average. Labs exams are tough.  study everything in the manual.
If there's one thing Webb has, it's enthusiasm. He loves what he teaches and it shows and makes the class interesting. He gets a little ahead of himself with the concepts and can confuse the class. The tests are made to be difficult, and you really have to understand the concepts well, so going to lecture is a MUST. Worthwhile professor, but hard.
I thought Webb's portion was the hardest of the three. All the life cycles are a bit daunting and his slides are packed with way too much information. Definitely my least favorite of webb/edmands/manahan.
He talks too fast, too much information on slides.  Lecture wasn't interesting at all so I never went to his part.  He does say which life cycles to know which is helpful.  Least favorite of the three though.
SUPER EASY.  He taught the middle section of BISC120 along with Edmunds and Wetzer, and was the easiest by far.  We were told pretty much exactly what would be on his test, which made it much easier as we didn't need to know EVERY single lifecycle in the book. He was pretty funny, takes a few lectures to realize it.
Webb was a great guy, and interesting to listen to in class. He's very into the subject. However, there were several things he mentioned specifically would NOT be on the test...all of them were. Needless to say my class grade dropped significantly.
He speaks WICKED fast. If you go to lectures, he says a ton of information that is not on the slides, which he helpfully puts online. Overall the class was a ton of information, but it was not hard due to his part.
1383139	John	Heidelberg	7
great professor bur boring topic  like plants rather read something interesting like human biology. But if young prime you gotta do what you gotta do.  Cool guy and he pairs the class with his wife which is adorable.
Heidelberg is, to date, probably the most CLEAR biology professor that I've had. Presents important information effectively which is not always the case in the large bio classes at USC.
Dr. Heidelberg is great!  His tests aren't easy, but compared to others he is by far the best choice for Bio 120.
John is one of the best professors I've had at USC. I am a biomedical engineering major and I have yet to have a professor who has lectured as clearly and concisely as John has. He was always available for office hours and extremely helpful for particularly difficult concepts. If you have the opportunity, definitely take this class!
I took him in fall 2010 before the class overhaul. His section was  a lot of fun and his jokes and videos are amusing. Clicker questions sometimes show up on exams so be sure to go to class! He is a great teacher and an easy tester. The book is a great supplement, and go to ALL SIs for maximum practice. As with any bio class--memorize memorize!!!
Professor Heidelberg is very friendly and, while a bit boring at times, still makes the lectures interesting with jokes here and there. Very approachable during office hours, and exams aren't difficult as long as you read the book and know the lecture material well.
After Ziebis, he was a breath of fresh air. She was a nice lady with good intentions but her lectures consisted of reading off the slides available online. He was much more interesting and explained ideas well. Not the best, but certainly not the worst teacher. Made learning about phyla at least a tiny bit more bearable.
1417646	Andrew	Gracey	7
He rushed through his slides if he was running out of time to get through all of them just so he could test us on more material and didn't clarify anything. He also laughed at our class for having a low average under his expectations. It's not our fault that you don't really teach anything to us....
This is a pretty difficult class. Although attendance isn't taken and lectures are online, going to class is really helpful. He's a decent professor and he expects a lot so it's difficult to do well.
You do not need to go to lecture to get an A in this class, however if you only read the textbook you will not do well. Puts a lot of recent papers/discoveries in lectures that you need to know but tests are mostly a regurgitation of what he said. The class is very easy if you memorize everything but takes a lot of time to study for.
Prof. Gracey is a bit boring but his lectures are nonetheless very important for exams, as he deviates from the book and adds more depth to specific topics (such as HOX genes and human evolution) that aren't as detailed in the book. You need good knowledge of the book AS WELL AS his lecture slides to do well, because his exams are quite hard.
Cool professor with English accent. Very clear and teaches part II of BIOS120. He tells you what is important on the exams so GO TO CLASS. He deviates from the book. The Mult. Choice was tricky and he focuses heavily on marine life, HOX genes and homonoids. Provides a review sheet. He doesn't like plants so study this section just to get by on MC.
Last professor for BISC 120. Go to SIs, e-mail him if you need help, GO TO CLASS, and read the book! He is a great lecturer who loves to help students. Focus on his lectures though, but don't worry--they're fun and slides are posted online. Easy class overall if you can memorize facts and if you like the subject matter.
If you are taking Bio 120, his section is by far the hardest. The class average for the midterm corresponding to his section was a 60%. Be sure to read the assigned textbook chapters and be able to APPLY the knowledge
1457718	Rahul	Jandial	7
He's a good lecturer, but a little too narcissistic... He must Be a middle or younger sibling with real insecurity issues because he constantly brings back lectures to himself... Get ready to have a semester of commercial for all things about Dr Jandials success 
Simply the best lecturer available at USC! Magnetic personality, great content, a must for all USC students, not just premeds. Very very easy on the eyes.
Gorgeous, married, father of three. He's next level. Great guy. Great lecturer.  The hater on the other review must have had a crush on him and got ignored. Which other school has a Neurosurgeon talking with freshman.
Great professor! Very confident. He encouraged class participation, unlike most USC professors. Wants students to do well. I wish USC had him teach upper division courses.
Wow! Great content, delivery, and style. All the girls wanted to marry him...beyond hot!
Awesome professor who is down to earth and extremely intelligent. Furthermore, he is able to give interesting and engaging lectures. If you are pre med, this class is for you. You get to learn about medicine and get a personal viewpoint from Dr. Jandial. Also, the class isn't too stressful which is awesome.
Dr. Jandial is really approachable and encourages students to ask questions during and after class. BISC 499 is the ideal class- it's interesting and informative but won't stress you out. Definitely worth taking if you're premed or thinking about pursuing medicine.
371184	Steven	Weinberg	7
Awesome, dynamic teacher. He teaches post-modern theory and LIFE EXPERIENCE. 302 and 340 were the best classes I had at USC. period. I also worked my butt off but got a good grade.
Worst professor Ive ever had. Tangential and utterly unreliable. Avoid if possible.
You definitely need him to review your work before turning them in because he grades quite subjectively.  In class, he literally talks about his life, his experiences all the while inflating his own ego.  I was disappointed with this professor and found that I learned minimally compared to my friends in other WRIT 340 courses.
He talks a lot, but the class is a lot of fun, and I felt he was really effective.  I just wish that I'd taken him for Business Communication as well.
IF you like to listen to his troubles and pay $40,000 per year and hear this guy complain, take his class. He will tell you all about his divorce even during his office hours. he will say, the opposite of love is indifference and so on and so forth.... he also lies about giving everyone good grades
This professor is very ****! First week of class and thereafter, he told us that he don't like native Indians and that he don't care if there are any Indians in the class. He will tell you how rich he is and then you find how he actually inherited the house from his parents!!!
He's hard and he doesn't make any concessions.  Don't bother going to him with your sob story, but you will learn a lot.
446291	Robyn	Walker	7
Professor Walker is a wonderful instructor and her class was a real pleasure. She is incredibly intelligent and has a great sense of humor. The course itself is not very demanding; one class meeting per week, three papers, a group project, and some MC quizzes. That's it. She's a fair grader, and provides excellent feedback. Highly recommended.
The class was half online and half in class! Professor Walker makes the classroom environment very fun and interactive. Just do as she says and follow her rules and you should get a great grade!
Got a bad grade. But her class is really useful and you'll have tons of opportunities of getting involved in activities.
Professor Walker is probably the best professor at Marshall. She actually engages you to truly communicate unlike other 302 professors that just critique you on mindless presentations. She is extremely approachable and is always willing to help students, go to and take advantage of her office hours (TRUST ME!). Final = Compilation of assignments.
Only had to write 3 papers that were 2-3 pages long which is nothing compared to the other writing 340 classes. I am a terrible write and I ended up with a B in the class so she is very fair.
She makes you buy her textbook (which a lot of professors do) but it's very bland.  Her book is like a long book report, with a million citations for every single paragraph.  She's very boring and the material is dry.  However, she is a nice person and she gives you good feedback and helps you if you ask for help.
Great teacher, very easy, just go to class for participation, enjoy
566512	Yehuda	Bassok	7
Because of 311's bad reputation, I went in expecting a B, but I ended up with an A-. The course itself is actually interesting, but Bassok has a very strong Israeli accent so his lectures can be annoying at times. The thing with Bassok is that he is such a stubborn person that alternative methods of solving, other than his own, are not tolerable.
Great teacher, definitely loves what he teaches.  The material and class overall is designed to be rather hard. Strongly recommended to go to office hours.
Dont take it. Going to class is completely pointless. I never write on these sites but felt I had to, so you do not make the same mistake. If you have to take 311, dont do it with him. He's a mall santa claus in the offseason*
Great professor, knew his stuff but wont put up with people who aren't interested in the materials
No Comments
Horrendous teacher.  I can not tell you how bad it was.  All I ask is that the teacher cares.  If you don't care, retire.
Not clear or helpful. If you are forced to take his class, find a classmate who can help you learn the material.
1155658	Amy	Ward	7
After hearing horror stories of other professors, I would highly recommend her. Her teaching style is highly engaging and very clear. I also appreciate the fact that she is approachable and more than willing to help when students seek for her help.
I don't know what happened this year. I was actually excited to take this class. Now, I'm regretting it more than ever. She's unclear in teaching, spiteful toward students who don't understand, and unhelpful (and a bit sarcastic) when you reach out to her. Maybe she'll be good again next year.
The subject itself is difficult. However, Professor Ward is extremely clear and probably is the best professor for 311. If you want an A, just do all the work, watch the online lectures before tests, do all the practice problems/illustrative exams, and ask her questions (she is super attentive)
Great Teacher. The subject material is pretty tough, but the tests and homework are the same throughout all profs. When I worked on homework with friends with other profs, they struggles while I got it right away because of Ward. Great teacher and definitely take her over everyone else when you take 311. Really easy to understand which is a plus.
One of my favorite professors to date, and probably the best one for 311. The class itself is difficult, but she is extremely clear and concise in her expectations, and goes over plenty of examples during lecture. You go into the exams knowing exactly what you will be tested on. Would definitely take another class with her
She's a good teacher, but many people find the class hard. Overall, has to be the best 310 professor though. Plus she's very nice. She does need to eat more though, she's stick thin.
Great professor, was always willing to help and make things understandable. Actually made a fairly boring subject a bit more interesting too. Overall, class is a bit tough, but if you put in the effort you can do well.  Textbook only really needed for homework. I definitely recommend her and would even love to have her as a professor again!
1578101	Kirk	Snyder	7
He's a great professor, you learn a handful of intangible skills in his 252 and 302 class. Snyder is more than willing to help, extremely cordial, and professional. "Easiness" is subjective, if you want a 4.0 like I did, 302 is extremely tough. He seems really chill with grades, but he hardly gives A's out, so that was stark. B+ & A- are attainable
Every student at Marshall should take Snyder's class.  He created it and it sounds like it's his baby. Knows tons about how to find the right job emphasis on "right". I have a plan to follow that makes it a lot more focused. Plus I have a crush on him!  Awesome class!
Best class in the business school. It teaches you to own your career and what it means to be in the right job. Show up to each class or you will mss things you might need to know. Great teacher and he helped me find an internship.
Fun class, participation points for attendance, humorous and chill professor,presentations are not hard if you prepare for a bit, a little strict on grading but would be at least a easy B+.
Great professor who knows the subject and cares. Great experience. Funny stories, looks like he should be a TV soap actor. Cool guy.
the greatest professor i have ever had. soooo helpful and soooo nice. i m not sure about the grading tho cuz now its just the start of the semester. you ll be lucky to have him
great professor
1709909	Janna	Wong-Healy	7
Good professor. Made a required class bareable. 
Truly cares about the students.  Basically no work for the entire semester - least work by far compared to other 302 classes. You will likely get a B+ though... no idea why, but grading is really arbitrary and most kids get B's.  Awesome prof regardless.  Don't expect an A though
Truly an amazing professor. She cares more about the well being of each student that any other professor I have encountered at USC. Very genuine and honest. She has a lot of real world experience and her stories always made the material more exciting. Grades a little tough but if you put the work in you will be rewarded. I highly recommend her.
Regardless of who you take for 302, the class will require 10,000 hours of work and effort for success (inside joke). Very helpful teacher and an awesome experience/class! Definitely recommended. When it's all said and done, she'll be a first-ballot Hall of Famer.
Fun class, caring teacher. Thought she graded too harshly sometimes. No matter I did I always got a B on every assignment, so don't expect it to be an easy A, but the class and teacher are pretty good.
Awesome professor! She has a genuine interest in making sure everyone is aware of what's going on in the world, and puts in a good amount of effort to incorporate that into class. Grades papers fairly, great person to talk to during office hours.
Great professor. Very helpful, responds to emails quickly. Expects readings to be done and knows when you haven't. Wants to help, very approachable. Funny PowerPoints and stories while being professional. I recommend her BUAD 302 or WRIT 340 class.
1712328	Paat	Rusmevichientong	7
Paat is an awesome professor. The subject matter is pretty dry, but Paat is hilarious and makes the class interesting. There is no better teacher for 311, but expect to put in a lot of work to earn an A.
311 is not an easy class, no matter which prof. you have. Paat is definitely in my top 3 professors at USC Marshall. He has an incredible ability to teach and explain complex concepts with clarity. He makes a tough subject fun to learn about. 0 textbook use. Go to class, do the practice exams and make sure you understand concepts and you'll be ok
One of the best professors at Marshall. He always challenges his students to think outside of the box and question everything. His charismatic attitude definitely makes him the best 311 teacher. Very funny and smart guy who truly makes an effort to know every single one of his students. Would recommend!
This class is not easy at all. The material is hard. He tries to explain as clearly as possible, and his ways of teaching are both creative and fun at the same time. This is the only class that I actually enjoyed in Marshall. The practice problems are useful in understanding basic material but usually midterms requires thinking out of the box.
Professor Paat is the the best professor at Marshall, and USC. His devotion to his students in unrivaled, and he teaches his students to engage in critical thinking, question the status quo, and to really have the confidence to say you know the things you do. Take him for clarity, his wisdom, and he may actually be the smartest person you meet ever
BEST PROFESSOR EVER. Very passionate about the topic and always willing to help out his students. He is really smart and his class is fun! Not much homework and the quizes are easy. Exams are pretty much the same across all 311. Take his class if you can!!!!
Paat is a genius. Probably the smartest professor I have ever had at Marshall, and one of the best educators. He is so fun and always is accessible (answers emails within about 2 mins with long explanations). I can't say enough about this guy. If you don't take him you're losing out, especially when it comes to BUAD 425. I'd take him for any class.
1792749	Abbass	Sharif	7
He is very clear in explaining the concepts. Office hours are also very helpful.
As a relatively young professor, Sharif tries his best to connect with students through humor and stories. But 425 is pretty dry material, so he often loses the interest of the class. If you attend classes and work on the practice tests, the class is fairly easy. It's a standardized course, so tests are not dependent on the professor.
Amazing professor! Very clear with his lectures, instructions, and always willing to help. Would definitely recommend again. He teaches IOM classes too!
Everything is really easy in this class UNTIL the final. The multiple choice section is worded completely different than the lectures and the problems are significantly more difficult/different than the quizzes. Final exam is worth 35% which could easily destroy everything you did in the class. Went into final with 93% and not even sure I'll pass.
Dr. Sharif knows his stuff REALLY well. Powerpoints are used a lot.  He's hot!
Great prof and easy class to get an A!
Professor Sharif is REALLY clear in his explanations, and he's a really nice person. He cares more about learning than preparing for an exam or spending hours on homework. He uses Powerpoints a lot with his own practice problems in lectures, and you get out early sometimes. We haven't had an exam yet, but so far highly recommend. Plus, he's hot!
1890003	Scott	Abrams	7
Prof. Abrams likes to use real-world examples in his lectures, which I found to be very helpful and interesting. He assigns some homework problems for the chapters before the exams. They are very helpful! Go to lecture because he does a LOT of examples in his slides. He posts them online, but it's more useful to hear him in person. Office hours too
Talks very fast. Make sure you understand all of the problem sets he assigns. Never ever uses textbook or myeconlab so don't bother purchasing either. SUPER helpful in office hours and his office is usually overflowing with students. Great class and great professor for this semi-difficult course. 
The professor is really really sweet,nice and cute! He answers every question in class! really recommend to take his class!
He's honestly a sweetheart and I got lucky taking him for econ351.  He's super friendly and really easy going about the material which makes him someone to go see if you need help. Tests are curved, 2 midterms and one final plus homework.  Relatively easy econ class if you study it seems like. I know econ can be difficult but he's a good prof! 
2 midterms, 1 final, 1 team project (just a write-up without a presentation). Very clearly explains the concepts, always willing to help, and REALLY cares about the students. One of the best professors at USC. One minor drawback is that he talks way too fast.
Very clear. Exams are the same as reviews and he goes through HW problems or anything that you are not clear about. Cool guy!
Really cool guy, explains everything. 2 midterms and a Final, very straight forward.
616752		Stephens	7
like he was nice.. i just think that he is too genius to deal with undergrad kids. he probably looks down on us... hes a very smart man though. props to him but... if u dont understand chem.. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! especially without AP CHEM
He spent the first week reading us the periodic table. Then spent 5 hours fumbling with his remote for the powerpoint... WHICH IRONICALLY HE WOULDNT WIND UP USING CUZ THERE IS NO POWERPOINT! idk. dont take this class. DO. NOT.
Horrible teacher. Didn't learn anything. Not clear at all. Depended on the other chem professor's lectures to understand the concepts. First two tests were difficult and included organics. Last two were ridiculously easy, as was the final. Nonetheless, avoid Stephens!
ummm. try to avoid this class. your forced to teach yourself! you learn nothin when you attend lectures
This guy is just a plain bad teacher.  My section averaged an F on his last test.  He is not clear, you can't understand anything in his lecture.  Don't ever ask him a question in class, if you do, he will make you feel like a fool.  He is widely considered to be a horrible teacher.
very bad prof, eccentric guy
He was a tricky teacher. He said something wasn't going to be on the exam but it was, and more...
1251564	Arieh	Warshel	7
Professor Warshel is the best teacher I have ever had love his humor and presentations. So happy to have a nobelauriat as a professor! Recommend this to everyone who wants to persue a career in chemistry 
A very difficult professor to understand, as he has a thick accent and his English is not good enough to explain concepts to any understandable degree. Had to teach myself everything out of the textbook. The man also has the most useless PowerPoints ever. Be warned, he will quiz on advanced biochemical theories he may mention in passing in class
Very interesting and funny
He has an accent so it's difficult understanding him. Attend lecture, PAY ATTENTION, take good notes, study from old exams, and you should be fine! REALLY FUNNY GUY! I hated him at first, but I grew to like him. I bombed the first test, averaged two tests, got 100% on one test, and got an A in the class.
It is VITAL to read the book inside and out AND attend his lectures. Doing practice problems and such will not help you, but grasping the main concepts are what you will be tested on.
I recommending attending his lectures, because there's always one huge question on the test that's only in the lecture. Tests alternate between super easy and super hard, at least when I took the class.
No Comments
1576437	Elizabeth	Erickson	7
God I hate her. She is so mean and not helpful at all. She does not know how to interact with students.
Dr. Erikson is amazing! She really cares about the students in 105a/b. Without her, I would not have passed gen chem . I can see why she has low ratings though...if you are disrespectful/lazy/unwilling to put in extra work she WILL put you in your place. She sees through the BS and keeps it real. She's great.
Dr. Erickson coordinates both levels of general chemistry and is unavoidable to take that course. Her biggest responsibility is grade management. She speaks to students disrespectfully verbally and through emails. She never showed up for a pre-arranged meeting. It took me 3 and a half weeks to change an exam that was off by 28% (before the curve).
She's just a bit rude... actually she's really rude and disrespectful.
Honestly one of the most unpleasant women I've ever encountered in an academic settings. Her emails are flat out rude. Never before have I met an instructor that wants you to fail.
Dr. Erickson is a great mentor, teacher, and advisor.  She is honest, and she treats students with great respect.  She expects quite a bit from the students.
She is the director of grading for the chemistry sections and encourages people to drop the class. Not encouraging, not helpful. If you can avoid her, avoid her.
136142	Bapa	Rao	7
What a waste of time and didn't know what he is doing.  Started of teaching comlicated stuff without teaching the basics. Avoid!
I can't say much
No Comments
Very Difficult to learn from
Absolutely terrible.  Couldn't understand a word, and I don't even think HE knew what he was talking about.  Also, I hate trominos. (Take the class, you'll understand).
z z z z z z z z z z z zz z z z z zz z
I was suffering from insomnia BEFORE I took his class...:)
365169	Dennis	McLeod	7
I completely agree with most people here. The course is too easy. Actually nothing practically useful was ever taught in his lecture. The pace is very slow. I have to go 1.5x faster to watch his lecture to avoid falling asleep. But he gives good grade.
You want grades? Take this course. You want to laugh? Take this course. You want to see some animated guy? Take this course. Have some trouble sleeping? Take this course. Need time to chat with your friends? Take this course. Want to LEARN database? Take this course! "OOPSIE", DO NOT EVER TAKE UNDER HIM JUST FOR GRADES.
Course material is very basic didnt learn anything new. Also most of the class covers very basic details about a proprietery data model  that is not used anywhere.Do not take the class if you really want to learn database systems. Gives good grades though.
Useless class. The prof spent much time teaching a data model developed by himself which is used by no one in industry. Just waste time to learn this. Most content was very basic and has been covered in my undergraduate database class. Two months have passed but I learned nothing so far. Don't take this course if you do wanna learn something.
This course is not very difficult. He gives very good grades.
Funny way of teaching, but interesting
No Comments
501999	Barry	Boehm	7
Professor Boehm is very excellent and kind. If you have no software development experience, you may feel a little abstract to understand the lecture. But the lectures he  given are very helpful and useful.
A must for anyone in the aerospace industry. Professor Boehm has been in the aerospace industry since the 50?s and INVENTED many of the sw processes models. Course materiel a bit scattered through the semester and a lot of information. If you get all the points on homework?s and do OK on the test you should still be fine. Overall great class!
THE BEST PROFESSOR ONE CAN EVER ASK FOR!!!
Very boring class but the professor is good
The best there is, best there was, best there ever will be. It's a shame that his colleagues are Winsor Brown, and Jim Alstad, who in my opinion, are very bad professors. They should stick to working for their industry. Dr Boehm, on the other hand is the best professor I have ever studied under.
No Comments
Dr. Barry Boehm is the best things to have happened to Software Engineering, and his contrubtion to USC has been tremendous. It's been an honor being associated with him.
807235	Jim	Alstad	7
Not very helpful class.
There is a lot of information and projects.  It's quite like drinking from the firehose. While the information could be sorted for less confusion, the professor is enthusiastic about the subject and will respond to email. NOTE: Lack of sufficient staffing caused serious delays in homework grading for off campus students!!!
Class is easy. Provides help if you ask.
worst class ever
Worst class ever. Bombards you with pointless homeworks and doesnt help out when in doubt.
No Comments
No Comments
1184968	Clifford	Neuman	7
Very helpful Generous grades
One of the best security professors I've ever seen. Very interesting lectures. The exams are tough, but reasonable. If you paid attention in lectures and did most of the reading, you should be fine on the exams.
He has an engaging lecture style. There is a LOT of reading, but I'm thankful for it. After this class I am no longer afraid of reading research papers. The exams are reasonable, as long as you have done the readings. Also note that the course title is Advanced OS, but he teaches it mostly as a Distributed Systems class.
One of the best professors teaching security. Clear about what he wanted to convey and responds to emails promptly. Has practical experience as the inventor of Kerberos. I enjoyed the class.
A *lot* of reading and some writing.  This class helped me break through a fear of reading dense papers.  Professor Neuman is an interesting lecturer.  FYI, CSCI 555 is distributed systems, _not_ advanced OS.
No Comments
Prof. Neuman is a great professor. This course (CS555) has a lot of readings and the exams are pretty tough, but Neuman explains things clearly and is available to answer students' questions.
1670170	Brian	Bernards	7
He wrote me a letter of rec and I got a scholarship for it. Definitely a good dude and a great teacher.
Brian Bernards is one of the most engaging professors I have ever had at SC. He genuinely cares about students learning about Southeast Asian culture and film, and will not assign busywork. Take him if possible, and you probably will not regret it!
Professor Bernards is an inspiring and helpful teacher. His course material, while there may be a lot of it, is informative and interesting. He is one of the best professors I've ever had.
Hands down best GE2 class ever. Very little reading/homework/papers, attendance mandatory only for discussions, and very interesting films to watch every week!
professor Bernards is very enthusiastic and humorous; his lectures are thought-provoking, interesting while they are easily comprehended. Get to watch lots of film and a fair amount of reading (not much textbook reading), lots of class interaction. NO MIDTERMS. DEFINITELY one of the best GE class in USC.
Bernards is nice and very understanding. Easy to understand lectures and somewhat interesting. Plus, get to watch a movie about once every 4-5 classes. Recommend taking class.
SE Asian Lit & Film is definitely one of the best GE 5's! Very nice prof. who is willing to help you if you put out the effort and ask for help with the harder stuff. Class requires a lot of reading but most of the texts are pretty interesting and you can get by without finishing all of them. Participate in class and take good notes = easy B
451546		Carrillo	7
Excellent professor. Humorous. Classes are easy to follow. The exams and problem sets are damn hard
He is funny and smart. The problem sets are nightmares, but are also excellent trainings for the phd students.
Took this class a few years ago. Juan knows his stuff and explains difficult material well. Out of all the 1st-year PhD courses, his is the best.
He is a nice person, and probably a good researcher. But believe me he is  the worst teacher I have ever seen. He cannot help the students to understand the Microeconomic concepts, so he gives very hard questions so that it does not become obvious that he couldn't teach the students. Please, try to avoid him, he has no respect for his students.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!!! He is not helpful at all, and doesnt seem to care if you are struggling.  More people dropped this class than any other class I had been in. Unfortunately for me, I had to remain in it to graduate.
This professor is an **** and should not be in the class room.  He needs a course on how to act like a civil human being.
Terrible teacher: very unorganized, uable to explain difficult concepts, has no respect to students
635577	Harrison	Cheng	7
Probably the worst professor I have ever had. It made my semester miserable.
Problems: (1) Teaches concepts but assigns, tests, and quizzes on unclear computations. (2) Is not accessible/helpful and is unable to provide clear steps toward solving computations. Solutions: (1) Teach the computations and show how they apply to concepts. (2) Be flexible to different types of learners and have students practice computations.
The worst professor that I have ever had (I've had 4 majors I know a lot of them) DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS, absolute nightmare!
worst professor ever. horrible english. terrible attitude toward students, and doesnt welcome any sort of feed back. dont bother going to office hours either, he does nothing. never gives any direct answers and tries to tell anecdotes for simple questions and makes this 10 times more complicated than need be
Dropped class..difficult to understand, passes around sign in sheet everyday then checks after 10 minute class break half way through class to try and catch people leaving. Homework not returned before giving quizzes on that material.Shows up late usually and does not pay attention toward the end of class and regularly runs over time.
Prof. Cheng is the HARDEST teacher and most incomprehensible that I have had at SC. Rambling tangents, bad english, and a perception that undergrads are graduate students and do not need guidance... it's all there.
Cheng is difficult to understand when speaking and when explainsing difficult concepts, having a good TA is essential to this course.  There are HW asssignments for each chapter and quizes about once a week, 2 midterms and a final and he takes attendance everyday for 10% of your grade.  (HW+quizes=15%, MT1=20%, MT2=20%, Final=35%)
1511890	Carsten	Holz	7
He's nice enough. Good for an econ prof.
Attendance is not required and if you study the text book well you can do at least better than average in the class. Although he won't discuss too much on tests, he would love to discuss and explain class contents or other subjects in economics that you are interested in. Very friendly and helpful.
He is very interesting and highly knowledgeable on the subject.  He is not easily swayed by people sycophantically trying to improve their grades, but if you learn the textbook you'll do great.
His slides aren't even made by him. He just uses the ones he took straight out of the textbook company. Tries to be SO fair to everyone that he won't answer any questions regarding the exams outside of class. Difficult to get an A in.
Nice guy, but strict on  policies. Lectures and slides were right out of the textbook. His tests were pretty difficult.
Very unhelpful. Easy class but hard tests. Does not curve or negotiate even when he may be wrong. Very hard to succeed but you will learn alot.
He is an easy A professor if you just do the reading. A lot of reading, but the test is simple. Not tricky at all.
1636249	Juan	Eberhard	7
Lectures were super long.  I thought he presented the material in a pretty confusing way.  DIdn't really do practice probelms in class, except for the test review.  I had to learn everything myself before the final.  My recommendation would be to know the practice tests like the back of your hand.  oh ya, myeconlab really sucks too. 
The dude is incredibly smart, and he doesn't just read off a powerpoint, he really teaches the concepts and teaches them well. That being said, nothing he teaches in class really translates over to the test, but he does give 3 practice tests and a sample test before each midterm. Learn to do all the problems in every practice and you will get an A.
bad professor, barely teaches you anything, and reads off the powerpoint. just doing hwk on myeconlab and practice midterms are more useful in going to class.
GREAT PROFESSOR!!!! he teaches you the concepts in a way that you will never forget....crystal clear!! tests are a bit challenging, but drops the lowest...the class requires a team presentation which is graded by the anonymous vote of the students..Highly recommended
Great professor in terms of explaining the concepts. He posed questions to think about during his lectures and did examples of what he expected us to know. His C.V. is Yale, and it shows, and it's scary how smart he is. Read the book and put in the work. All the concepts are a mixture of text book (personal study time) and in-class lectures.
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR. Just teaches straight from a ppt, then you will get to the exam and he will have made the concepts so much harder. He will straight up say he won't teach you everything on the exam, and that you need to figure it out when you see the questions. Worst teacher I've ever had.
Well, first off, I would like to say that this professors honestly does not know how to explain concepts clearly.  He would rush through examples.  It's also difficult to actually &quot;learn&quot; how to do problems via  powerpoint.  His exams are ridiculously difficult, no joke.  Approximately half of the material on the exam was not discussed in class.
425296	Ruth	Chung	7
Dr. Chung is AMAZING! She knows her stuff and she is very very very clear.  She will not teach useless information.  She uses her own material b/c it makes the learning easier if she knows exactly what she is talking about. She isn't the easiest but in graduate school you should be challenged.  I love her!
she's cool and she's not cool.  she does know a lot about research but she is very condescending in her teaching style.  she will ask a vague question and if anyone does not answer it specifically she will use it as proof that her class will be useful.  shes kinda full of herself
She is the meanest teacher ever. She made people write extra papers if they were even once late to class or with assignments! She asked the class to think up additional punishments for absent class members! Papers are 30+ pages for this 2unit pass/no pass class. She also started adding assignments to the syllabus halfway through the semester.
She is soooo obnoxious.  Very full of herself, she only talks about her own studies as if it the most important thing in the world.
I took this class several years back as an undergrad, thoroughly enjoyed the course and appreciated the quality of the instructor's teaching.
Dr. Chung is by far THE best professor I've had @ USCl; she's super intelligent, articulate, funny, and very charming.  She is the epitome of what I want to become &quot;when I grow up.&quot;  Her class wasn't super-easy, but it was really fun and interest
You must take this class if you are Asian American or interested in how Asians' thinking and behavior is shaped. Readings are generally interesting, though there is a lot of it. Exams and papers are not hard. Great class, you'll get so much out of it.
941677	Jesse	Yen	7
Friendly professor, terrible class. The tests are structured terribly. If you haven't taken AP Chem/Physics/Bio, you will struggle in this class.
Good professor, friendly and helpful and clear. Class will be easy if you took AP Chem and understand circuits. Midterms (there's 2) can be hard just because each multiple choice counts for a good portion, but otherwise it's a fine class
he is helpful. the tests are hard just because they are mainly multiple choice and each question is worth 5%. homework is worth a fair amount but its really easy to do well on the hw. you dont have to do the reading. this class will be challenging if you havent taken ap chem, bio and physics (B)
Freshman Academy classes are supposed to be pretty lame.. and this was no exception. The guy was nice though, and the pass/no pass honestly depended solely on attendance. He cares about the students and tries to make the class interesting and semi-flexible. Better than it could have been... and no big projects that took much time/effort.
He's great and involved. He likes to explain his own research. And he just earned tenure!
No Comments
a really easy class but a little boring
1317527	Ali	Zadeh	7
the lectures are not clear and the classes where boring. HWs were fine but the grader is horrible and you have to fight for hw grades. He's helpful if you ask for it. and even accepts late submissions. He's a nice person in general but the classes are boring. 
He's a okay professor. Doesn't cover entire course. Very slow. His lectures are not clear, leads to many confusions. You won't pass if you don't attend his classes. And he'l only asks topics from his lectures for exams whether they are correct or incorrect. But good thing is labs are easy and assignments will make you think! You can learn from HW's
To the students: Faculty doesnt help at all. He is a part time faculty and there is less time for him to hold office hours. But his slides(pdf) are enough to study. Make sure u are doing your work properly. Score as high as possible in Homeworks and Lab. Make sure u are scoring above average in his Midterms.
Lecture's just teaching concepts, not much abt practical methods to improve parameters like settling time. He answer those improvement questions very simply like he doesn't know much or doesn't care. Terrible.
Talking redundantly. Lectures are just ppt reading. Easy homework tough exams and horrible deduction of points. Word of advise, pass ee479 placement exams, never goto his class. Sure you will regret it. Also he's a part-time lecturer. If you goto ee536a, you will find the huge difference between qualities of teaching analog circuits. He jus horible
Course work is order of magnitudes easier than the exams given
Worst professor ever. Absolutely everyone hated the class.
1555341	Geoff	Spedding	7
Projects and homework were incredibly long and unclear. Spends a ton of time demonstrating the derivation of certain terms, but little time applying them. Overall, just a class used to scare freshman straight and of little help to actually learning the material
Super helpful if you approach him. TA is nice as well.
The last two reviews are spot on. Covers a lot of material, but excellent teacher.  Super helpful in and outside of class.  Really interesting and cool guy.  Answers any questions you have about the material or aerospace in general.  Very fascinating and informative class.  Favorite class at USC so far.
So far at USC I've had some of the worst teachers I've encountered but he is by far the best teacher I've ever had.  You have to go to every single class and take notes but he presents the material in a very clear manner.  His notes and classroom lectures are very easy to follow if you pay attention.  You will be lucky to take his class.
Great teacher, passionate about aerospace. Lectures are always interesting. Homework takes a bit of thinking a lot of time but is manageable. High standards, but always willing to help and loves to talk about anything aerospace-related, whether it relates to the class or not.
Incredible teacher. Super helpful and will always talk with you outside the classroom. He covers a large amount of material for an intro class.
Very detail oriented. class is intro class but expects work to be upper division quality almost. its tough but he is very helpful and gets the material(tons of it) across. i had to put in a lot of effort but it was worth it. interesting class too
1576215	D.C	Wilcox	7
Wilcox teaches straight out of the book, simple as that. It may be helpful for some to go to lecture to see him explain the examples in the book, or, depending on how well you follow the examples, it may not be. Open note, open book tests for 309, not for 301 (for me at least). Grades on a solid B average, which is helpful.
Going to class may actually hurt you more than it helps you. Reading will help you understand the material way better than going to class and hearing him read off parts of it. I actually ended up doing kinda poorly because I thought I would be able to just go to lecture and learn the material that way. Tests always have a curveball in them.
If you can read the book don't go to class! He doesn't explain anything that's not word for word in the book. I got perfect scores on all the HW, but his tests don't reflect the material covered in the HW. He is very conceptual and theoretical and doesn't give any real world problems. His test are almost impossible to prepare for.
His lectures are word for word, from the book, so going is pointless. His HW is very easy and his test are very difficult. His test don't reflect his HW or examples, which make it hard to prepare for.  His book is very confusing and doesn't make anything easy to understand. The material isn't hard it's just impossible to prepare for his tests!!
Used his own textbook, bought another publisher's textbook for no reason. His lectures are dry, but he's a good teacher and his very helpful via office hours/email. I'm taking him for Fluid Dynamics next semester, where he has a more established textbook that he wrote himself.
none
He uses his own textbook that is unpublished so there is no help online. Plus it is organized in an extremely confusing way. Overall, by far my hardest class, and I am taking a lot of hard classes.
670961	Susan	McCabe	7
This was the best class I have taken at USC so far. There were no tests and only 1 final paper. I wish I could take it again because she is such a great professor. 
I'm taking my ARLT requirement with her--How to Read a Poem--and it's seriously the easiest class I have. I'm an English major, but still--she is extremely flexible for a professor (often letting people turn poems in late). Discussions in class are easy to participate in, and pretty clear. Very understanding of students just there for the GE req
Great thorough class.
Susan McCabe is one of the most sincere, caring professors USC has to offer. Students who go to office hours and participate in class will have an incredible intellectual experience with her. She cares about what you think, and she expects you to contribute to the discussions and to engage with the material. An amazing professor and mentor.
Really sweet lady but she doesnt explain the material well. I was lost for the whole semester. She is a very fair grader though.
Sweet person, but seriously lacks organization. Her analysis of poems just skims the surface. She doesn't really tear apart the material.
Susan's very dedicated to her students. She gives kind, thoughtful feedback. She's not an &quot;easy&quot; teacher -- She expects her students to work hard -- but she always meets you half way.
670974	Tania	Modleski	7
She is a really nice teacher and I found it really easy to get an A. The papers are not hard at all and there's not a lot of reading.
She is consistently late to everything, and even had me wait for 30 minutes once for an appointment. Her class is a bit biased toward the female perspective and i really felt bad for the 1 guy in our class. she grading is somewhat tough and she offers limited advice on how to do better. go to her office hours with your paper ahead of time for an A
This class was actually a lot more interesting than I thought it would be. I thought she would be intimidating and an extreme feminist but she was actually really open minded. She opened my eyes to new perspectives on films that I had seen but taken at surface level.
I actually really like the class. I really scared that Modleski would be really mean and unfair but she's very fair and helpful. Though sometimes the discussions seemed silly to me it also opened my eyes. Definitely an interesting class
she's okay, but she doesn't like asians. kinda intimidating. i wen to her office hour once and asked her if she would like to read my essay a little bit and give me some suggestions, she said she couldn't do it. still don't get why.
I enjoyed Tania's class, she brought up interesting points and encouraged discussion. The papers are not too difficult and you can always (and encouraged) to visit office hours to get better explanation and feedbook and maybe ideas about your essays. If you participate and try on your papers you should get an A. She's a good teacher
This woman hates HATES men.  I was in a class of hers with 4 other guys and none of us got higher than a C+.  She tries to encourage class discussions but if you come up with a valid counterpoint to what she is saying she won't acknowledge it, she'll just say something like &quot;well... maaaaybe&quot; and call on one of her little female butt-kissing cohorts.  A true waste of space.
1223371	Meg	Russett	7
Professor Russett is one of the best teachers I've ever had, she's funny, passionate, articulate, and although her class is rigorous, the work is worth it. Even though she's the head of the English department and I was just a freshman, she provided lots of feedback and one-on -one attention. I've never learned so much, so quickly.
Like everyone's been saying: Great Professor. I didn't do too much of the reading, but you can get by. I got an A in the class without trying too hard, and I still learned a lot. Pretty good Cat 5 GE.
I took her class on Women and the Gothic. Great professor. She does a good job of discussing the content in interesting ways. There's a ton of of reading, but if you try to keep up, you'll learn a lot.
Yes, she's crazy smart, but no one has a weirdest personality than this woman. I can't decide if she's judgmental or apathetic about her students. Sometimes it seems she really cares...but other times I feel like she talks down to us. Regardless, take her. She'll push you.
Awesome professor. Extremely articulate, cares about the class, and teaches in a way that's engaging and really makes you think. Not easy to get an A, but worth taking the class regardless - you won't regret it.
Professor Russett is an incredible instructor; she's likely the best teacher I've ever had.  She's not only amazingly intelligent, but also able to lucidly articulate herself while explaining intricate subject material.  Her demeanor is both professional and demanding; but she's still very supportive, humorous, and entertaining at the same time.
Russett is one of the best teachers I've ever had. You should definitely take any class from her if you have the chance. She's entertaining, crazy smart, and really helpful. She pushes her students, but she's so available and helpful that it's easy to succeed. She wants her students to succeed. LOVE HER.
1324919	David	St John	7
EASY and actually interesting. It's not a class you have to go to to do well. I usually went because I enjoyed the class. All he assigns are 2 poems, 3 papers, and a take home final (another essay) for the whole semester. He's an easy grader, everyone gets As. It's not a poetry class where the professor tells you your interpretations are all wrong.
I love St. John. His class was literally the best. He is honestly the most awesome, kind, interesting professor I have had yet. He is also fantastic with poetry. He seemed like he truly cared about everyone in the class and learned all our names.
Very clear expectations, ordered class structure. An amazing voice, especially when reading poetry. Stimulating. The only class I've taken where I never checked my phone in the middle of class.
Clear, helpful, St. John was the nicest Professor I have ever met in my life, He is very interested in the works of poetry and is very open to your own interpretations of poems and encourages you to write your own poems. Easy, fun class, everybody should take this class.
He is honestly the best. He learns everyone's name and acts like he truly cares for all of us. The class is not hard at all. He is easy with deadlines and just wants his students to enjoy poetry.
A great guy who really cares about his students. loved the class; it opened my eyes to he world of poetry. The great thing is he creates an awesome classroom environment where everyone takes the material seriously and each other. Great group discussions-- you'll learn a lot! Definitely take this class! Best ARLT :)
One the best teachers I have ever had. Grades are not a concern, he jsut wants you to learn. He speaks with an immediate eloquence that just makes you want to attend all of his lectures. Cant recommend him enough
1798399	Sonia	Greenfield	7
Overall I wouldn't recommend her for writing. Although she gives good feedback, the grading is ridiculously tough compared to other WRIT 150 teachers. Lectures are extremely boring, and often useless in terms of learning to become a better writer.  However, compared to the other Contemporary Economics Writing professors, she might not be too bad. 
Sonia is one of the most approachable and friendliest professors I have had. She is very laid-back and her classes are usually chill. She gives good feedback on your essays and will answer any specific questions you have. I would definitely recommend her as a writing professor. There are 4 overall assignments for the class, just like all WRIT 150.
Sonia is very helpful, so if you have any questions about the writing assignments, don't hesitate to shoot her an e-mail or drop by her office during Office Hour. Highly recommend! You would have to work really hard, but in the end, it will be worth it.
Professor Greenfield is a nice person and she will willingly assist you either in person or by e-mail. There are 4 5-7 pages writing assignments plus one final portfolio overall. While the class is challenging, with two weeks max to complete an assignment and no break in between, the class can also be rewarding.
Sonia is a fantastic teacher! You do need to put in effort to succeed in her class. She's a very fair grader, and she wants you to succeed. Go to her office hours if you have any questions about expectations, or how to improve your writing. She'll help you as much as she can! Her classes are enjoyable to attend. Take her, you won't regret it.
Sonia is thoughtful, comically dry, and always curious. She works with you to squeeze your interests within the framework of the prompt, making each paper as enjoyable as possible. The class is difficult but that is per the university's curriculum. Sonia alleviates the difficulty. Also doing the work helps. This isn't high school so stop whining.
Terrible teacher. Do not take her.
1380660	Howard	Rosenberg	7
Takes great pleasure in seeing his students fail.  Avoid this professor at all costs unless you enjoy being ranted to for hours by an egotist. His syllabus does not even correlate with his class or lectures. Could definitely say I didn't learned much at all from his course.
Class is boring and may sound easy until you get the take home midterm and take home final thats graded ridiculously hard. I think there were 5 As out of 160 people. The grading for this class is a joke. TAs are hard at grading and dont care about u. If the head TA is Courtney, drop this class asap or get ready for a bad grade.
Interesting class which exposes you to television across time & genre & has some interesting guest speakers. However, taken as a chill elective for a good grade, it depends entirely on your luck with the TAs. They do not grade the papers easily & they are not helpful. He speaks for about 20 min per class & has little to no relevance to your grade.
doesnt lecture much, just watch tv shows (no complaints), 2 essays and thats it
Really enjoyed this class! We had 2 exams, and both were about 10 questions that you answer in about 1-2 paragraphs. The study guide they give you is all of the exam questions, so if you studied it was easy! The shows we watched were pretty cool, but they are shows that have aired already. We had Dexter, Mad Men, and Breaking Bad- all my favorites!
The class is pretty easy. You will probably never talk to the professor, just the TA's. Definitely go to class because they take your ID's to get attendance. But there's only 2 tests, no papers, and they give you a study guide that has the questions that will be asked on the test on it. A really easy class, but late nights suck.
You have to go to class because they take your I.D.'s and give them back at the end of class. Midterm was fairly easy. I never took notes but somebody emailed my the study guide with all the answers. Not too bad. It's on Monday form 7 to around 10ish so it's really late and it is hard for me to stay awake sometimes. Overall an interesting class.
1646406	Paulette	Chandler	7
If you want a good grade, she's great. If you want to learn French, not so good. She's from France, so there's a bit of a language barrier and she has trouble explaining in depth when the class is confused. She also kind of mocks questions. But, she did make our quizzes easer throughout the year (ended up hurting us for the department-wide final).
She is the best professor ever! I took all my french classes a semester apart and it was very difficult to be at par with my classmates. I literally had to memorize things. Yet I passed the class. Just try and put in effort! She is wonderful and has a funny personality.Plus she is fashionable! Going to miss her :(
Chandler always keeps things interesting, in that she is very strange... She hardly ever assigns homework, except a few out of class essays that you get to revise. If you are looking for an easy, minimal work French IV class, this is it. However, if you'd really like to improve your language skills, definitely choose another one.
Chandler is my favorite professor this year! The required films are entertaining and the class is engaging and an easy A as long as you put in the effort and participate vocally in class. Provided you've had a few years of French prior, she is easy to understand. Overall a very lighthearted professor with sass!
Dr. Chandler is a great professor for French III! Her grading is very generous, and is flexible when it comes to turning in any assignments. She can be a little fuzzy when explaining things but is helpful if you ask questions. The workload is light compared to FREN 120 and 150 and is film-based. She values class participation, so come prepared!
Hilarious. Take her with a grain of salt. She's an easy teacher who makes things interesting even if unintentionally. Her class is very social and discussion based. Come to class, watch the movies, and if you study, that's great, but if you don't, youll still do fine. She is very accessible outside of class, and she's a softie. Cares about students
She's surely crazy, but it's ridiculously easy to do well in this class. She allows us to revise essays, and she values class participation. Her exams are formulaic, so it's easy to study for each one. Some students find her belittling at times. Showing up, doing the work, speaking up, and minimally studying is all that's required.
1114558	John	Platt	7
Platt made this class bearable and he made course material which is usually bland and easily ignored ALMOST interesting. He is a funny guy and if I had to take another science class, I would only take it if he could be the professor. The other professor, Tom Jordan, sucks, though.
The class is boring and the test are difficult, but Prof. Platt is enthusiastic and relatively funny. His accent makes the lectures more enjoyable and he gives helpful notes so if you prefer not to read the textbook just go to lectures and take good notes.
He's extremely enthusiastic about what he's teaching. Which, for someone who isn't that interested in the material being taught, makes it much easier to be interested and engaged in the class. His british accent doesn't hurt his cause either.
The guy is ok, he's very enthusiatic and tries to get students engaged, but I could never. He gives pop quizzes so you have to go to lecture, and the midterms and quizzes are really hard, in my opinon. I always got the average score and I studied very hard = C, but I always sucked at sciences. Just be prepared to study.
Very enthusiastic about the subject and explains things really clearly.  The exams and quizzes are multiple choice and can be tricky and specific.
British, funny, and caring.  Professor Platt genuinely wants people to do well and he gets excited about the subject he's teaching.  Even if you are not a Geology person, if you can find some sliver of enjoyability with the coarse and by chance get to share it with Professor Platt, then by all means go ahead.  He likes enthusiams, he likes question
An enjoyable teacher. Cares about the students, and recognizes effort but knows also when you're not putting any forth. I would like to take another one of his classes!
707075	Tess	Cruz	7
Graduate level class. She is a pretty confusing teacher. She requires a lot of time, and assigns assignments every week. Make sure you stay on top of this class.  It is very easy to fall behind.
Her class is very easy! You can get away with not doing the readings and the final and midterm questions were handed out a week before. Her lectures can be dry but this is an easy class. One project due at the end of year but it is not difficult at all.
Incredibly condescending. Takes forever to return graded material. Has favorite students and makes this obvious. Gives a lot of back-handed compliments via sarcasm. Worst teacher I've ever had in my life!
It's a required class so I dont think you can get out of having Tess.  She knows her stuff, but the theory is so dull.  Talk a lot and the TAs will write down that you participate.  This boosts your grade.
worst teacher ever...seriously...she is horrible
Unfair, shows up late every class period, unhelpful, does not give back ANY grades until the last week of class and will not take suggestions well.
No Comments
1054928	Karen	Halttunen	7
Halttunen is a great professor. You need to pay attention and take notes (more important than reading in her classes). there are papers but she will offer as much help as you need- grading is fair. if you are interested in history and want to learn a lot, she will present it in an interesting and informative manner. a very nice lady :) highly rec.
You need to read to do well, but if you're going to be at USC reading shouldn't upset you.  She is very interested in the subject, and this class will only get better with time.  Pretty easy grader, puts a lot of emphasis on participation.  Also tells interesting life stories.  Make sure you do well on papers for a good grade.
This is a useless class and boring professor. Register early and get into a better section. Unfair grader. Avoid
Take review with a grain of salt since this is her first time teaching this class. You MUST read the books if you want to do well. Two 7-10 page papers (one towards the beginning of the semester, one towards the end). Lots of lectures that don't necessarily help you on the papers, but discussion sessions are usually led well. Generally helpful.
Professor Halttunen is absolutely brilliant. I am currently taking a small class with her, and I have learned a tremendous amount and have thoroughly enjoyed every second of it. It is impossible not to like her. I am taking a class with her next semester, too, just because she is that great of a teacher. If you can take her class, do it!
i know we should all have dropped the class. for me i just didn't like being talked to like a baby. especially by someone who said so many obvious things.    i so wanted to take seip but his class was full. register early or wait one more semester. don't take her class!
Avoid like the plague! Waste of time. I thought i'd love Approaches to History because i'm a history major. She ruined it for me. Pick another section--any one but her.
1128523	Rorlich	Azade-Ayse	7
She is incredible. Dismiss those comments with disrespectful biases and shallow insight on this amazing scholar and awesome professor. Her class is not easy and you ought to do good work and prepare for it. But you gain what you sow. She has tons of wonderful stories and life lessons to share with you if you show your efforts. 
Very difficult prof with disjointed lectures.
Not that easy.
nice lady, but doesn't understand that not every student has the background in silk road study that she does.
unless you love, absolutely worship russian history. dont take this class
Rorlich is a great teacher. And hard. You will have two or three weeks where you want to die and you think she's insane. The good news is that it gets WAY easier after that, and she gives you all the questions for the midterm and final, and there are only 2 short papers. So it's actually worth it in the end!
No Comments
1477331	Wolf	Gruner	7
One midterm, no final, big paper at the end. We watch movies that are great and the reading is very manageable. The 12-15 pg research ppr at the end is a lot but it's really interesting. Don't underestimate the advantage of starting early, (especially reading for the ppr) he is really helpful if you talk to him about it so do so! love him! Take it!
Professor Gruner is a very interesting man who knows a lot about the Holocaust. I enjoyed the class and ended up with an A- but the tests are somewhat challenging(Written in class essays approx 5-7 pages) and one 12-15 page paper.  He assigns about 30 pages of reading before each class. Overall I would say take him but the class is not a breeze.
The best class I took last semester, hands down. Everything is clear, easy and extremely interesting. Watched a lot of movies and read a couple of short books. His accent didn't bother me at all. Also, I find it quite amusing that he's %100 German and a chair in Jewish studies at the same time.
Class is very interesting and he engages students and encourages them to pursue their interests.
Awesome professor who is very helpful & friendly...very nice as well
Cat. 5: Holocaust in Literature and Film; One of my favorite classes of the semester, novels & nonfiction used as well as excellent films. Engaging lectures (& take notes), challenging midterm, no final but 12-15pg research term paper. Attendance taken. He's a researcher from Berlin with an adorable accent & incredible knowledge of the Holocaust.
Professor Gruner is extremely helpful and is very interested in his students' works.  He knows a lot about genocides, the Holocaust in particular, and is very interesting to talk to.  Participation is a large part of the grade.
1686349	Nathan	Perl-Rosenthal	7
Professor Perl-Rosenthal is the man. His lectures are long but hilarious and his tests are very clear-cut. Participation matters in discussions big time so don't be shy.
Excellent professor.  Incredibly knowledgeable about US history and communicates that knowledge very well.  Class is structured logically and is very informative, even if you've taken APUSH or other history classes.  Very willing to listen to students and receive feedback.  Hilarious guy.  Very passionate about the subject.  Readings semi-optional.
This teacher is very helpful and is extremely intelligent.  The grading is very straightforward and an A is attainable. He makes you enjoy learning U.S. History.
Your grade REALLY depends on your TA....mine graded SUPER hard and it was so difficult to get an A, even if you're familiar with all the material their subjective grading can ruin you if you don't put exactly what they're looking for. That being said Nathan was great, assertive but asked for feedback on clarity and knows EVERYTHING about US history
His lectures are super clear and you can raise your hand at any time to ask questions in case you are confused. He is open, friendly,& funny! He also gave extra credit to JEP volunteers. You only really have to read some books throughout the semester and can get by without reading the textbook until midterm/finals. A great GE to take! Very doable A
He is a great professor, a little quirky, but dedicated to his job and his the topic of American history. His lectures are easy to follow and he makes changes to the class as he sees necessary based on class feedback, such as cutting down on reading. Both he and his TA's are really accessible and fair graders. Short term paper and map project.
Super dry, lectures are extremely difficult to stay awake through. Refers alot to the text book. Not really a difficult class. Super boring especially because it's pretty much high school american history.
1361964	Michael	Messner	7
Great professor, funny and helpful and great subject material. Beware the TAs, they might grade harshly on your paper. DO JEP--DO NOT ASSUME YOU WILL GET AN A. Take notes on what he SAYS as well in addition to his slides, they will come in handy for the midterm and final. Read the articles. Otherwise an easy class, just wish I did JEP.
Lectures can get pretty boring, tends to elaborate too much. You have to do the reading to do well on the Mid-Terms, the papers are easy depending on who your TA is.
Great professor w/ good lectures. He's very knowledgeable and excited about Social issues. Will work mostly with TA's; discussion is mandatory and helpful. 2 papers dues towards the beginning of the semester and 2 exams (non cumulative). All readings are a must to be able to do well on exams; lectures are supplemental to readings.
Prof. Messner is an awesome teacher. He's really passionate/knowledgeable about social issues in gender, and he presents the material in interesting ways. The class itself is not too difficult; the material is mostly interesting, and the exams are very fair. The WRIT-140 topics are very interesting because of the issues discussed in SWMS!
Very knowledgable about what he's teaching, also super nice. He makes you want to go to lecture and this class will really open your eyes to a lot of stuff you never even thought about. Definitely take his class, he's really famous in the gender studies world!
The guy is really nice, and actually worth listening to if you go to lecture.  Pretty interesting and has some good stories.  The discussion sections suck, but it's only once a week.  Class is relatively easy if you go to lecture and know how to write a decent essay.  I would HIGHLY recommend for a category 6 GE (and you get Diversity 4 it 2!)
Very passionate about his studies and gives pretty interesting lectures.  Is funny but can be dull when discussing something you're not particularly interested in. Read all the readings!
741275	John	Doces	7
Class is useless, he just scribbles notes on the board and talks to it. Missing class makes no difference. Uninteresting, doesn't engage students in discussions. Easy assignments though.
great professor
horrible
Great class
He literally told me that he wouldn't keep office hours and would not return emails with additional questions because that's what class is for. If you don't understand his convoluted lectures in class,you can't even ask for outside help. What kind of teacher does that&#63; TERRIBLE. Very difficult class. MUST DO ALL READING OR FAIL.
No Comments
I love writing and I have always done well in all English and Writing classes but he was absolutley the worst teacher I have ever had. He was boring, unhelpful and clearly did not want to be teaching in that class, which made the students not want to be there either. He was the worst teacher and did not know anything about what he was teaching.
1008012	Mary	Sarotte	7
Professor Sarotte is clearly an expert in her field. She teaches through lectures and powerpoints, and she presents all information in a very clear and understandable way. Half of the grade for this class is the term paper. She is a pretty tough grader, but it extremely helpful and encouraging in office hours. Lots of work, lots of learning.
Terrible, boring lecturer.  Very opinionated.  But the exams are easy because of the useful study guide she gives.
She is an incredible professor with a wealth of knowledge. The class is difficult but she prepares you well for exams. Overall great professor
Amazing class and AMAZING professor. The workload is not easy, but you will definetely learn a lot!
Hard but very educational. I learned so much about foreign relations. The prof isn't extremely stimulating but she's not bad. Classes weren't boring and she always used movie clips and powerpoints. She is definitely enthusiastic about the subject. This course has an extremly heavy reading load- like graduate level. Reading is useful but not vital
No Comments
No Comments
1528390	Geoffrey	Wiseman	7
Wiseman is the best professor I've had in the IR department yet! He's very knowledgeable and is always available to talk outside of class. It's a discussion-based class, which makes it much more interesting. It's not easy but his expectations are made very clear. If you pay attention in class and follow his directions you are sure to get an A.
One of the best professors of IR! He is very knowledgeable and uses real and current world events to explain a topic.  Essays are not that hard but require effort. Look at his resume and you'll know he is an expert with practice experience.
He is a truly valuable connection to make--He worked at the Ford foundation and the UN, so he has tons of real world advice to give his students. He also really cares about you, and your learning experience in college. I highly recommend--he is one of the best professors I've had at USC.
Very very hard grader. He expects you to cite authors, titles of articles and page numbers on all the exams.
The material is interesting but the expectations in thass are unrealistic.  It feels like it's two classes rather than one.  Plus the TA is rude and unapproachable. Midterm in form essay and it is expt you will reference authors and dates and you don't get questions in advance
Super chill class. VERY fair grading.  ~30 pgs of reading per class.  1 in-class midterm, 3 in-class tests (super easy btw!), & 2 take-home tests (including final). Highly recommended.
Such a great professor, is very helpful and extremely knowledgeable on the subject.  So far one of my favorite professors at USC and I actually enjoyed going to his class.  Make sure you read the articles but the textbook readings aren't important.  Tests are easy and the 2nd midterm and final are take home!
1320013	John	Callaghan	7
he is the best teacher (especially science teacher) i've ever had at USC. Super clear with what he expects. he tells you what's going to be on the test. he hands out structured notes for you to add to. I wish he taught more classes. As long as you go to class and study what he tells you to, you will get at least a B but most likely an A. 
Great professor. You'll learn a lot in his class about what's currently going on in sports. Show up to class.  You need his handouts.  ESPECIALLY BEFORE EXAMS. Write down everything he says. Would definitely recommend.
Fantastic professor! Very passionate, fun to talk to and interested in his material. His lectures can be a little boring but overall an awesome experience and a very beneficial class. Also an easy A so there's really no reason not to take it.
He tells you whats going to be on exams. I suggest always try to study a bit more from what he tells you. He always puts a few surprise questions (based on notes). He can be a little bit unclear and fast when presenting his notes. He gives you his notes with blanks for u to fill out as he presents them in class, Advice: Go to class and take notes.
Professor Callaghan is the sweetest and most straight forward professor I have had at USC.  He truly wants you to do well and loves the subject matter.  Very interesting class, I highly suggest it!
best anatomy teacher ever!! very easy if you go to class! Gives handouts to fill in don't even have to take your own notes
This guy was great!  His awesome British accent made the class even better.  Class was pretty interesting and I didn't mind getting up in the morning for it.
1343801	Alberto	Vallejo	7
Great Teacher! Sometimes jumps from one topic to the other which is confusing. Funny and very helpful and cares about his students!
Dr. V is a great guy. He really wants you to learn and he's nice and approachable in office hours. That said, his lectures can be quite confusing and his multi. choice part of his exams are VERY difficult. GO TO CLASS and talk to him before exams bc he usually throws some hints your way. Overall wasn't a bad class
Great teacher who wants you to learn. Very knowledgeable and is very nice during office hours
Terrible teacher. Doesn't know anything about anything related to the material, let alone how to teach it. The whole department knows it too. I don't know how he remained a lecturer.
Very nice professor, yet sometimes doesn't make sense. His tests are mostly multiple choice and they are worded very tricky, so that normal 4.0 students can only get B's no matter how prepared they are. However, he has a great personality and is funny. Not super easy professor, but not horrible. This class is decent.
Awesome teacher that wants you to learn. BUT...he tries to cram so much stuff into one lecture, all his slides you can find online, doesn't use the books at all, & his tests are almost impossible. However, hes super helpful in office hours and really wants to get to know everyone in the class. beware, its an interactive class & he loves to ask &#63;&#63;s
Horrible experience. Not sure how he was hired as a professor.
683662	Atiyeh	Showrai	7
I've had a few classes with Professor Showrai, and I think she's absolutely wonderful. Really cares about you learning the language, challenges you to speak up in class, uses a lot of cool source materials. She may no hand out A's but she's a fair grader. I highly recommend taking a class with her if you want to improve your French.
Easy A. Crazy easy tests. Highly recommend.
She is great!!!
Atiyeh continues to be one of my favorite professors.  She is extremely clear in her explanations and shows a genuine interest and passion for her students.  She is not a teacher to take to keep a 4.0...you won't.  But I promise, after you take a class with Atiyeh, your GPA will seem less important than everything you gained. Highly recommended!
She is an excellent teacher, and knows all the methods to get you to actually LEARN the language, not just be able to pass a test. She brings in a lot of outside sources (i.e. French movies, newspaper articles, etc) so you get a feel for the French culture as well. She's a very difficult grader, but considering as much as I've learned its worth it!
Great professor :)
Great professor!
848515	Gloria	Arjona	7
Take her class! Attendance is pretty much mandatory, but it's worth it because the class is not hard. She kind of expects you to know Spanish, so if you don't have a solid foundation, you will be confused and do badly on tests. Everyone got a D on the midterm but ended up with around B/B+/A/ range.
Loved her class! She was extremely helpful and funny, and she likes to sing to you a lot! :] I would definitely recommend her.
She is really fun and an easy grader. She's pretty funny and she sang some songs to us on her guitarra. The only thing is, don't bring your computers to class. I was on my computer a lot the last couple of weeks, and she said that my participation grade would go down. Whoops. But other than that she's a great professor. TAKE HER CLASS!
Great professor, really engaging and fun!
I HATE SPANISH - just so that's clear. Out of the three required levels, she was the best prof I had. Fun, engaging, and very helpful. If you have to take spanish, take it with her. Oh yeah, easy grader too!
She will go out of her way to make sure that you learn the material and pass with a good grade. Tests are questioned as you would expect and graded fairly.  Class is really fun.
the best spanish teacher ever!! Very clear, very thoughtful of the students..she really wants you to learn. She is funny and friendly and can sing! Great class. Highly recommended
941273	Alexander	Zholkovsky	7
He's nice. Just hard to get A in this class.
Professor Zholkovsky was great, by far the most intelligent professor I have had at USC. He really knows his Russian Literature, he'll fill you in on what was "lost in translation" in the English text, and provides a number of great anecdotes about the authors. If you like literature, definitely take this as an enjoyable and easy G.E. 
An amazing class-he may not be easy, but he conducts his class with such presence and wit that i found it a joy to be in. You have a lot of reading, but not many actual assignments so it all evens out. Plus, he has AMAZING life stories and actually has spent time with the more recent authors. Not an easy A, but one of my favorite classes at USC.
He asks a question and tells everyone that their answers were wrong because that's not what he thought the answer should be. Never lets students finish what they are saying, interrupts and finishes your sentence for you. Very smart person, but didn't understand that his students were not professional literary critics like him.
Not an interesting class at all. The reading is mandatory and very long and boring. You don't have to show up to class unless you read, and in many cases, no one gets the questions you answer about the reading correct anyway. Very boring teacher and difficult to understand. There are definitely better Cat 5 classes out there.
No Comments
Zholkovsky is very smart and knows a lot about Russian literature, but he is rarely clear about what exactly he expects from you. Make sure you speak up in class the first few weeks or else he will pick on you the rest of the semester for not participating,
971694	Thomas	Seifrid	7
Fairly nice guy. He loves to hear himself talk though. I took his Russian literature class and there were a lot of readings and the tests were extremely difficult. The midterm average was a 38% so if you're looking for an easy GE do not take this class
He's very holier-than-thou. LOVES to hear himself talk. Stickler for grades. Overall, eh.
Very very interesting professor! Genuinely cares for his students and also happy when he teaches. Very engaging and it's hard NOT to pay attention in class. READ READ READ and you will do fine. Great teacher.
Professor is extremely boring and only likes to hear himself talk.
No Comments
Seifrid's classes may be diffucult but they are amazing. I took his class on Russian literature and it changed my world. The books in the course are challenging but the way he explains themreally opens your eyes.  The course requires a lot of reading and a lot of studying. His passion for the subject fuels you to do well.
He is not a good professor.
1295945	Anthony	Dukes	7
Recycled significant quantity of material and cases from core MBA classes. Lectures were disorganized and confusing.
Once during lecture I got emotional and yelled, “Look man!  I’m just trying to understand what you wrote on the board!”  Dr. Dukes was so patient with me and handled my outburst like a true professional.  Even though I dropped the course, I would take Dr. Dukes again.
He used a ton of current examples such as Berliner Gramophone and RCA.  I learned more than I should have in a regular class.  One of the best professors I?ve had.
Dr. Dukes is a fantastic educator.  His classes were almost in 3D.  Dr. D. has inspired me to be less tremendous and more diminutive.
This guy was fantastic but he used far too many explanation points when he spoke.
I enjoyed the class tremendously.  Dr. Dukes is exceptional.  I never quite understood his aversion for paper cut art and chainsaw carvings, but the guy knows the subject well.
Great professor!  He loves antique robots and modeling clay.  Dr. Dukes used many relevant examples in his lectures and flawlessly presented the Nadler Axiom.  I would recommend him to anyone I didn?t like.
1352286	Dennis	Schorr	7
If you are interested in learning about historical backgrounds of how certain big companies became successful in other nations, take it. It is a marketing class about history and a previous strategiestactics. If you expect to learn about the recent trends or how to market in other culturescountries in the future", then don't. Not relevant. 
Outdated, all cases and products brought in are from the 50s-90s and even the EU exchange kids say he's wrong when he mentions certain topics about the EU but he acts like a know it all. Class was boring and basic but he is very nice. Tests are super specific so take very detailed notes and know the study guide. 3 easy group assignments. 
Very outdated. All the cases and the global products brought in are from 50-80s. He's a know it all, even when talking about the EU where we have exchange students from who say he is wrong. Tests are suuuuuper specific and he gives a study guide but he'll ask ridiculous questions on concepts barely mentioned so  take veeeery good notes. Nice though
He is an amazing teacher and knows a looot of global marketing and information about all the countries around the world. He combined humor and knowledge in an outstanding way. I had such a great experience in this class.
Schorr is very loud.. very very loud. He jumps around a lot but not a very challenging class. 3 long projects but if you have a good group you will do well. Exams are pretty easy if you take the time to study or break it up and do a study guide with your group. 3 group projects 2 exams. A bit boring but a fairly easy class to get B-A+.
interesting enough, very kind and helpful, but lots of projects and very detail oriented
This class is very dry. Time goes by very slow in this class. I always had to drag myself to class which I shouldn't have to for a concentration course. Schorr is nice guy but class is just very un engaging. Easy B class. Assignments- 4 group projects, midterm, final. That's it. I went to maybe 60% of classes (if that).
154877	Susan	Montgomery	7
Not a good teacher. Inconsistent and messes up a lot. Should go to supplemental instruction instead. Some pf the test questions come straight from the reviews.
She is horrible. She cannot teach or explain things to save her life and she is always messing up when she tries to teach. If you havent already taken Calc 126 then you are in for a bumpy ride especially at the end of the year.  Luckily she makes the tests pretty simple but you get killed on quizzes and homework grades
Her lectures are confusing and she always makes mistakes. Luckily, I already took calculus in high school so most of the material was familiar to me...not so lucky for other people though! But discussions are very helpful and you'll get a couple of laughs occasionally becoz of her accent and inarticulateness
Speaks English. Very unclear in her teaching style. Constantly does problems wrong on the board and has to go back and correct all her mistakes. Had to withdraw from the class because her tests are not easy and I was going to fail otherwise.
Her tests are not so bad but not all that easy either. You should study! She tries to be helpful but isn't very clear. She has trouble saying what she means.
Holy God!  A math prof that speaks english.  225 was a piece of cake with her, and I hate math (worst engineer ever).
If you have a strong background in calculus then make sure that you don't attend lectures.  Otherwise, everything she lectures about will confuse you to the point where you won't understand anything, even things that you thought you understand.
442976		Verona	7
Yes its hard to understand her and yes shes hard. I felt defeated throughout her class but I have to give her some credit...she doesn't lie. She said shes purposely hard on us b/c she wants you to be prepared for the final which you will be competing against all of USC's Math218 students for the grades and I WAS prepared and HAPPY with my grade!
Terrible teacher.  She encourages questions and then laughs at you when you ask one.  Her lectures are as if she is just reading out of the book, no instruction or explaining.  Take anyone else. Just terrible.  She should stick to research.
Bad professor.  Harsh grader.  Does not explain well.  You learn the most from your TA or you teach it to yourself!
No Comments
She was the worst! Not only could you not understand her, but she was way too harsh and didn't do a very good job of explaining anything. I dropped the class.
Not very clear in lecture. I am an intelligent student but seemed to get lost in her lectures. She also does not tell the class she will curve everyones score at the end of the semester because she thinks it makes people work harder...Take another professor or tae this class at a community college
She is horrible. Her accent is hard to understand sometimes and she writes way too many sentence for a math class.  They are supposed to explain what is going on, but it just confuses you.  Don't take her!  She sucks.
836355	Mohammed	Ziane	7
Funny person. Exams are direct and not too hard. Has quite a few subs throughout the semester though.
He is a really nice guy and he's trying to give everyone as much points as he could for exams. Take his class.
super chill professor! he definitely knows his stuff however, he moves very quickly through the course so if you skip a few lectures, it's hard to catch up. his exams are pretty moderately difficult so make sure you know your calculus. study your hw and you should do fine. the last chapter is the hardest so make sure to study that the most.
the class moves very fast and is pretty challenging. hes a good prof but sometimes he does examples in the last 5 min of class and then leaves. hes funny tho and a nice guy. whenever we have subs you really notice how good of a teacher he is. you have to do the hw but its easy points and it helps for the tests.
Pretty good professor with easy tests. The final was concentrated on the last chapter and he is a very lenient grader.
No Comments
He wasn't that bad; unlike other math teachers, his english was ok; he just had a slight French accent. His tests were easy, but that did screw us for the common dept final, which was way harder than what he gave us. He definitely answered questions well and was willing to go over material again until everyone understood it.
848215	Jianfeng	Zhang	7
his lectures can sometimes get boring but he is very enthusiastic and tries to interact with students. I thought at first his accent was strong but you get used to it later. Overall, I enjoyed this class very much!
Prof Zhang is a nice guy and tries hard to explain things. However, he is not a good lecturer and lacks the ability to articulate what he is trying to say. His lectures were incomprehensible and a waste of time. I wouldn't recommend taking him unless you want to learn the class on your own. The course isn't too tough, but can be if you fall behind.
REALLY HARD TO UNDERSTAND.  Really think accent. Work wasn't too bud. Test were fair but I wouldn't take him again.
The SDE is his area, so he is always enthusiastic in class and trying to present as much knowledge as he can in this subject. What I like mostly is that we can learn some cutting-edge development of this subject, which is very helpful for one's future research. Some might find his homework difficult,but it's fun to figure them out by yourself.
Decent english speaking skills compared to alot of the math department. Very organized approach to lectures with lots of examples. Tests are kind of annoying though since he gives them on Fridays. Very clear about what will be on them though, he gives last years exam as a study guide. I just dislike the class because of all the nerdy kids in it
TA's save your life.
Very nice and helpful. A lot of notes, which (while sometimes boring) really helpful when we restudy on ourselves. A lot of homeworks to keep students in touch with the material. I recommend him to those who are willing to put efforts into understanding math.
1384111	Hong	Yin	7
great professor. covers material quickly but always ready to explain things over if needed, especially if you go into office hours. really easy exams, especially compared to what ive heard about the other professors teaching math here. easy quizzes too, gives grade lots of padding. not a hard class if youre not stupid and keep up
As stated before, he covers material quickly, but this is necessary because of the amount required to be taught. Overall, readily accessible during office hours and explains things clearly. Attendance is not mandatory, but if you don't show up you screw yourself over. if you pay attention in class, it's really easy to get a good grade
Professor Yin goes fast (which he needs to in order to cover all the material); that said, it is very important to go to the lectures.  Homework is optional, but you will need to do it to master the material.  Exams are doable if you study hard enough.  I got a B in this class, but getting an A is definitely possible.
He gave more examples than other teachers and his exams are fair.
go to his class and take good notes are important .His tests are fair and not hard.
Great Professor. If you aren't stupid, he's good.
I would not recommend taking this class or teacher.  It was extremely difficult.  This teacher is hard to understand.  The weekly quizzes are not hard but do not prepare you for the midterms or final.  The book problems do not help.  The tests are so hard.  I thought this class would be heavily curved but it was not.
1390559	Qingtao	Chen	7
He is not a very good speaker which make things a bit difficult most of the times. Though he was happy to help during office hour.
He's a super nice guy. As a person, I am very interested in him. Very funny, diverse interests, very silly. But at the same time, his accent and teaching style definitely make the class more difficult than it needs to be. The quizzes were really the toughest part of the class. Typically the tests resembled the review guides exactly.
Writes on the board so nobody can see it, mumbles to himself incomprehensibly. Chinese accent makes him impossible to understand, and TAs aren't any better. Curve sounds generous, but I did ~10% above average on every test and got a B, and I'm a very, very good math student. Small mistakes are very costly, be careful, don't take him if you can.
Easily the worst teacher I have ever come across. Basically reads from the book and leaves out important bits, had an easier time learning the material by myself. He has an odd knack for making simple problems seem impossibly complicated.
He faces the blackboard, stands right in front of what he's scribbling and mumbles incomprehensibly rather than teaching. He moves through the material too quickly and doesn't understand questions. The TA I have is nearly as bad. Avoid at all costs!
He's hard to understand, he goes through materials really fast, his TA's are equally as incomprehensible, there's a lot of assignments and the tests are really hard too. Don't take this class if you don't have to.
His strong accent makes him impossible to understand, but even if he spoke perfect english, he would still be a horrible professor due to his inability to relate to his students at all.
1700587	Sue	Ingles	7
Worst professor I have ever had. She couldn't even answer questions we had about confusing questions on her own tests, and would tell us she wasn't going to argue about it with us. She didn't want what she was talking about, so she would talk quietly and in circles. Her power points didn't help at all, and her tests were hard, not what she taught.
Simply awful teacher. She could hardly answer any questions the class had and lecture is both boring and useless. She'd just read off powerpoints that still didnt make sense. Only reason to go to class was mandatory attendance. Definitely the worst class and teacher I've had to sit through. The exams and homework are also not what she covers at all
She never know what she is talking in her class if there is no lecture in front of her!
She is just not good. At all. She does't seem to really even know what she's doing, and she markets the class as "easy"   (you have to get a 95 to get an A) and then makes the exams extremely difficult. She takes attendance so you have to go but in order to succeed you have to teach the material to yourself.
She is among the worst professors so far. She is very unhelpful, and disrespectful at times. I would not recommend her classes at all unless you have to take them.
She is the most horrible professor I have ever had! Do NOT take her classes ever unless you have to. She does not care about the students at all, and her attitude is just sickening!
She talked really low and her tests were very difficult
410925	Bryan	Simms	7
Cannot recommend him enough.  He's one of the top 2 professors I've ever had.  He is extremely organized, extremely clear and articulate, extremely knowledgable, and he's an awesome guy.  Great professor.
Lecture based... if that's yoru thing, then he's your guy. Minimal discussion.
He is fantastic!
He's my dad and he's the best!!
THE BEST! Clear and articulate, with a solid knowledge of the material. Picks out the most interesting things about the topic to keep us stimulated. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Absolutely the best! Totally organized, very interesting, and very fair!!  Highly recommended!
he matched our faces with thirty names on the roster in THREE minutes!! very impressive!! knowledgeable and very organized. he grades hard but very fairly. introduced me to the whole new world of this weird 20th century music and now i'm in love with it.
672786	Mark	Goldstein	7
A very intense course, but Goldstein is a fantastic professor.  Go to his office hours, he'll help you.  He's a genuinely smart man who loves to teach, pay attention and it will be the best learning experience you have in the MUIN program
You need to be a certain type of person to get something out of his classes. Pros would be that he is incredibly knowledgeable and eager to share his knowledge. Will you learn a lot? Probably. Cons are that he adores verbal abuse and if you question his almighty omniscience, you better drop out. If you overthink test questions you're screwed.
great guy, with interesting somewhat relevant stories regarding the legalities of the industry. incredibly difficult exams
Goldstein is such a good professor. He knows what he's talking about and is also current with music law. His exams are pretty tough though. He gives a few smaller exams, and then a final. There's one big assignment that's not too hard. Overall, I learned a lot and will probably be taking another one of his classes in the future.
One of my few college regrets is only taking 2 of MG's 3 courses. If you've got thick enough skin to hang with him you'll love the challenge - people who whine about his tests and rapid teaching don't take the time to utilize his office hours or knowledge in general. He's the best thing about MUIN at USC, hands down.
Taking a class with MG is a wonderful & unique experience. He is insanely smart, always up to date on current MUIN issues & trends, & will go the extra mile for any student interested (it's more than worthwhile to do so). You will get out of the class what you put in, but no professor has opened my mind & let me see the MUIN in a few light than MG.
I love learning from this guy but his exams are TOUGH!!!  they're all multiple choice and the wording is tricky.  You gotta know your stuff but he's probably the most knowledgable guy in the Music Industry program.  If you want an easy 'A' take McIlvery for law, if you want to learn something then take Goldstein.
1428187	Margarita	Denenburg	7
I studied with Margarita for a year at USC and continued so after school for quite sometime until I had to leave the area. Margarita was absolutely amazing!  She was very meticulous not only on score and dynamics, but also other aspects of music-making: body movement, music theory, musical expression etc. She was very critical and strict, so...
Margarita?s detailed dedication was very formative for my musical growth. Beyond musical suggestions, she even improved my posture and hand movements to avoid injury. I?ve grown more as a pianist in these past 3 yrs than I have in my prior 12 yrs. Kind person, and even better instructor. She really loves her students and wants each of us to shine.
She is the best piano teacher that I've ever had.  Her musical sense is amazing.  I learned so much that I feel I took three years with her instead of one semester.  Her demonstrations in the lessons (especially the  Mazurka out of her Russian book), will inspire you to play  the piano.  She is also very nice and is always there to help.
Margarita is an absolutely phenomenal teacher!! She helped me move forward so much in my piano playing during the semester that I was lucky enough to have her as my piano teacher. She challenged me so much, and overall is just an inspirational and extremely helpful teacher.
She's too hard for class piano.  Take someone else.
Ms Denenburg is the best piano teacher that I've ever had.  I had been taking piano since I was a child and she's the first teacher to push me past my comfort zone and to make some real progress.  I do have to say that she's not a happy teacher unless you play at least an hour a day.
Professor Denenburg is very HARD.   Prepare to spend hours everyday just get an A.   She is very positive and motivational and I learned a lot from her.  Her tests are soooo hard.  If you really want to learn piano then take her class but beware.  Another piano TA said that she served in the Russian Army.  I don't doubt this for a second.
348769		Sprague	7
AWESOME. Even though its a beginners volleyball class it was pretty fast paced. Really fun!!
This is the best class i have ever taken!  Julie is so chill and it was so much fun to play a sport I loved!  The environment is very relaxed and Julie is out there to have a good time!  DEFINITELY TAKE THIS CLASS FOR AT LEAST ONE SEMESTER!
I had a BLAST! seriously. The BEST CLASS EVER!!!!!!!! Take it just to have fun.
HOT! Take this class! Her T.A. is from BRAZIL!!!!!!  Even if you dont't know any volleyball its fun just to go to hang out with them. They are super cool and the class is really chill
No Comments
Hot
No Comments
833211	Clifford	Johnson	7
Professor Johnson hammers home the basics because students don't grasp them. It is not surprising that they don't get it though because his responses to homework questions are so vague they are of no use(&quot;Look at the symmetry of the problem&quot;). He also has a bad habit for saying certain results are obvious when many of us are very confused.
This guy may be approachable, friendly, and funny at times, but he is the worst professor I have ever had. He goes on and on about topics in such boring and elementary ways I couldn't even explain to you. He makes you feel uncomfortable in class, and overall teaches nothing new from what's written inside the book. Overall horrible prof.
Indulges endless elementary questions during lectures that should have been redirected to office hours instead, stickler for rules.
If you go to USC's home page, you might see him on the home page as a distinguished professor with all these awards, yada yada, but that is all regarding his RESEARCH! Obviously they won't mention how BAD he is in teaching! He's ridiculous, he just copies the book and that's it. I'd rather have taken Gould, even though he's supposed to be arrogant.
He's a great physicist and research guy, I'm sure, but he obviously doesn't care about teaching. He gets mad when we don't ask questions, but there is a good reason for that; he doesn't answer our questions anyway when we ask them! He comes to class unprepared with his powerpoint copied out of the book, then acts as if he's never seen them in life!
With his hilarious British accent, and his odd sense of humour, he still is a jerk. You don't even need to go to class, his whole power point is straight from the book.
Johnson is a funny guy and is definitely knowledgeable in his field, but he needs to stick to research, not teaching.  He CANNOT teach; his teaching is simply taking half of the chapter of the textbook, putting it word-for-word on Keynote slides, and reiterating them.  Ask him any question and he'll respond with &quot;check the book&quot;.
1307870	Dowell	Myers	7
Just don't. I got a B+ in the class and aced both final, midterm, and papers. He does NOT give As unless you're that lucky 1 or 2 people out of the 40 that he likes. He will not help, he's boring, the reading is too much, and his lectures make the 2 hour class feel like 8 hours. 
AVOID AT ALL COST!!!
AVOID CLASS AT ALL COST!
Just don't. Don't be fooled by the other ratings. This class is boring, long and he literally just talks the WHOLE time. Just speaks on tangents. No visual aids, nothing. He's a nice guy but the class is just boring.
Dr Myers is super smart and the subject is really interesting. A TON of reading though, and he can be arrogant about his knowledge.
He's a smart guy who conveys ideas clearly, but pretty much every question he asks the class is either vague or a trick, and this throws everyone off. He also speaks really condescendingly if you answer his trick questions incorrectly. If this class were just him talking, I would probably be learning a lot more. Be prepared for a lot of reading.
Funny guy - really smart and explains things clearly. Doesn't do grading so grades probably depend on the TA. You get the test questions before the test which is great. Highly recommended, usually very interesting.
1550805	Christian	Grose	7
The class consisted of students doing presentations of all the subject matter, which required the rest of the class to determine if the information was test relevant with no sort of clues as to what was important. The tests were extremely specific from two 400 pages novels. not an easy class and VERY dry books. As a poli sci major, do not take.
I totally recommend this class, great subject and so refreshing to have a teacher who is clearly passionate and knowledgeable about what he is teaching. Class isn't particularly easy, a lot of reading and the 2 midterms are thorough and graded pretty hard, but the curve helps. Also, no final just a paper. Great for an elective, so interesting!
You can tell that Professor Grose is very interested in the subject when he lectures. His class opened up my eyes in the way Congress works. Not a very easy class, you have to put in a lot of effort to get a decent grade. Make sure to do ALL of the readings because you will be tested on them and he doesn't always cover the readings in lectures.
grose is the man. he has real world experience and is great at communicating the information. he also helps a lot during office hours if you decide to go. one of my favorite teachers at USC.
grose is great. very intelligent, leads an interesting lecture, and designs his tests to correspond directly to his lessons rather than random facts
I dont think people realize how big Prof Grose is in the political science field. He is a major contributor!Clear, and knows how to break down difficult concepts.Readings are interesting.One of my favorite profs at USC. Midterms are easy if you go to class and do the readings. I like that there is no final exam and instead you submit a paper.
I took Prof. Grose for POSC 423. He is a nice guy and assigns some good books. Some of the texts are too hard to understand, but he does a pretty good job of going over the texts in class. He assigns lots of reading, which sucks because it means you have to pay more money at the bookstore. Class was okay, exams were straightforward. Smart guy.
626635	Myron	Dembo	7
Dr. Dembo's mentoring and brilliance have propelled me to be selected as the LA County Teacher of the Year, an expert witness at trials, and what I learned from him has helped me earn over 20 awards in teaching as well as secure consulting jobs and a district-level position. He has no equal as a teacher and a mentor and I am forever in his debt.
I don't have him as a professor, but his book, Motivation and learning strategies for college success : a self-management approach,  is great! It's been very helpful and I am thankful that he's gotten it published so students like myself can gain useful knowledge. Minnesota.
One of the best Professors I've ever had. Extremely knowledgeable and invests in the success of each of his students. A+
He is full of himself. He thinks he is a know-it-all. Egotistical, not helpful, and unclear about what he wants students to do on papers. Class is boring. He might say a joke or two. Not funny. He needs to retire...NOW!!! The Education program needs more practitioners that are in the field. Not someone that has never step foot in a class!!!!!!!!!
No Comments
No Comments
Boring.  Useless Class.
673628	Jo Ann	Farver	7
Dr. Farver is very sweet and helpful. She has great examples that help you understand the lecture material better. Grade was just based on participating in research hours, discussion participation, and midterms and a final. Tests were all multiple choice but a little tricky on some questions. She curved our grades at the end! Good class!
Keeps the class motivated and is a great lecturer. Difficult concepts are explained well and she has great examples. Uses videos throughout the course to show real world issues. Follow the study guides she gives you and you will do well on the exams. Best professor I've had at USC so far.
Awesome Class!  Learn about Psychology that I wish I would have delved into earlier.  Power Point slides are very helpful and the book used is up-to-date and relevant.  Added a psychology minor to my studies because the class was so interesting.  She's friendly, easy 2 talk to and available during office hours.  Disc session attendance is mandatory
I loved every thing about this class. If you go to Office hours she will def make sure your taken care of!
Professor Farver is great; she makes psych super interesting and is a great lecturer. She is always happy to answer questions and wants to help you do well in every way. The text book is very helpful and her slides are even better. Exams are multiple choice. If you're on the fence about taking her class, do it! You won't regret it!
It's my earliest class and attendance isn't mandatory in the slightest but I still find a way to make it to her lectures. Very interesting class and she's not afraid to spend 20 mins answering questions. Very nice, very helpful and engaging. Makes me want to switch majors into Psych!
very interesting class, textbook is straightforward, lectures are very clear. also she is very nice!
909939	Elaine	Andersen	7
Horrible class. I was originally taking it Pass/Fail and then she told us that it would be an easy A so I switched to letter grade. Boy was she lying! Material on tests wasn't in the books or lectures. She was very boring also.
txtbk is easy to read. Lots of extra credit is given out in class, so you should always attend lecture even though its not necessary for tests. Lecture notes are posted on blackboard. She is funny and tries to keep lecture interesting enough.
Great Professor. The class get easier as it goes. She is always willing to help.
Great Professor. Was always willing to help. The class gets easier as it goes.
Ditto previous CORE103 comments. HORRIBLE class, attended every lesson, NEVER knew what was going on at all. Disorganized.
Class was poorly organized and she was not accepting of the opinions of others. Lectures were pointless within the context of the course, and her powerpoints never made sense.
This class was a teacher duo.  Her portion was very interesting and she kept my attention.  It was a GE 4.
1816863	Stephen	Read	7
Tests are tricky- enjoys making his students squirm. You can mostly get by without attending lecture if you're one who loves to ditch. Just make sure you thoroughly read the text and review the slides he posts (although they can be slightly confusing). Overall, he lets his students know that he's primarily a researcher & teaching isn't his thing.
Boring lecturer, isn't specific on what will be on the actual exams. His exams are tricky because of the way he formats the questions, he tries to make it difficult. You're honestly better off reading the text book on your own than going to his lectures. 
Solid class. Good intro class for the psychology major. Straight forward and interesting like abnormal and developmental. 
I'm a psych major but this class had me falling asleep most days. It's pretty easy, though, and Read is nice enough. Would not recommend if you don't already have a deep interest in the subject. Attendance isn't tracked, lectures are from the powerpoint slides which are posted online.
This was, by far, the most BORING class I have ever taken. I showed up to every lecture, but I was never able to pay attention for the whole time. His lecturing is everywhere, as are his powerpoints. The tests are not super hard, but they are not easy either. Social Psych with Read wasn't the end of the world, but try to get out of it if you can.
Class requires some work and studying (the paper due a week before finals, especially, requires a great deal of willpower more than anything). Do the study guide and go to class and it's not too hard. Lectures can sometimes be dry. PSYC 355 was much more interesting than this - I'd only recommend this class if you're serious about delving deeper.
Although this class might not seem like a lot of work at the beginning, it definitely is. The portfolio boosts your grade significantly, but the midterm exam hurts it. There is a huge research paper due less than a week before the final. Dr. Read is a really nice man, always available in office hours, but if you want an easy A, dont take this class
25292	Stephan	Haas	7
Do the homework, read the textbook and GO TO HIS OFFICE HOURS. He's much better without powerpoints and if anything is unclear his office hours will help immensely, more so than SI sessions.
He's such a nice and funny guy. He's super chill too if you need to turn an assignment in a day late or something, he just accepts it and doesn't really even ask for an excuse. He's a little confusing sometimes, but if you look at the book you'll be ok in his class. Also i don't think he ever used the full 2 hours of class, 50 minutes max.
No Comments
Really good teacher for ge and other's.
Great teacher, very funny, cool experiments
Great teacher
very easy class, explains everything, does problems well, very sexy
1447274	Shelley	Levin	7
Good ppt slides, is clear and straight forward. Weird in grading, she will deduct points for no reason at all, and if you're not on top of the rubric you're screwed. I had to address EACH of my papers with her to get FULL credit. Brought my score up from a D to an A...
Dr. Levin is an incredible prof! She is clear and engaging, and invests class time to talk about your individual clients at internship. It's obvious that she cares about her students and she does her job with excellence. TAKE HER CLASS! I appreciate her so much.
Dr. Levin is my favorite teacher. I've had her twice so far. She provides a lot of clear information about the subject, but also reads the room to measure if things are getting boring or not. She adjusts how she teaches to how the classes learn. Shes funny, down to earth, and brings her experiences to class. She's great.
Great teacher. Really informative and reads the class well to keep everyone interested. I'm going to keep taking her.
Proff Levin takes her job as a Professor seriously.  As a result, our class was interested, engaged and actually learned quite a bit.  She puts a lot of information, time and effort into her handouts and power points and she is very clear about her expectations of students.  I'd take her again if I weren't about to graduate.
I've had the priveledge to have Shelley in 3 classes ... i stalk her! If i could take every class with her i would!! her and raymond lamb & sam mistrano!!
Shelley is very nice and passionate about the material.  She is quirky, and delivers a lot of material. I found her to be an easy grader... especially if you show up and participate.  Good prof!
1657775	Raymond	Lamb	7
Lamb is amazing!! He is definitely the perfect mix of clinician and professor- he's very knowledgable about the material but also super empathetic and has so much wisdom. He is a very sweet, funny professor with lots of great stories. Loved his class from day 1! 
He is one of the best professors I have had throughout my schooling.  He is so passionate about what he teaches.  I couldn't recommend him more!!
My favorite professor ever! He works hard to make sure each student learns what they need
Professor Lamb is amazing. He's very laid back, but engaging in class work. I love his class and would love to take him again in the future.
Extremely helpful and professional.
Professor Lamb--not "Lamp"--is fantastic!  Without doubt, one of the most influential professors I've ever had.  You will NOT regret taking either of his behavior sections (503 or 505).  Extremely knowledgable, personable, approachable, enlightening, and empathic.  Attending his class is a gift and I looked forward to it every week.  Enjoy!
Human Behavior -- i LOVE this man!! he is such an amazing individual with so much information to share! He's not easy but he's not overwhelming. Do yourself a favor, do your educational career a favor and take if his class!
1742597	Robin	Mekonnen	7
Obviously the last person is the professor. She was the worst professor I've ever had. She would go off on tangents, like someone else here already said. Class was very disorganized and hardly any structure. She talks about herself a lot. She does a horrible job of responding to student's questions. I could go on and on. Avoid this professor.
Awesome!!!!Best ever!
She does not explain things clearly. Talks the entire time and goes off on weird tangents. Does not answer questions clearly.
She appears to be a nice person and often attempts to make class more relaxed however her execution is off. Lecture is generally confusing she tends to go off subject about something else that I couldnt relate to, then would jump back where she left off as if she is writing her personal thoughts.
She needed to be reminded multiple times for things. She is a nice person and demands you to be on camera and will call you out if you are not. Often lecture would be confusing as she might go off about something else that I couldnt relate to.
Really knows her stuff. Easy to approach. Responsive. Makes research seem important.
VERY EXPERIENCED IN THE SOWK FIELD, BUT HAS A VERY UNHELPFUL, RUDE AND SARCASTIC DEMEANOR!
1854859	Andrea	Witkin	7
She was incredibly supportive to all students. She made a class I was terrified about taking fairly painless. Strongly recommend her. Class is mandatory in the sense that you miss a day and you can get lost fairly quickly.
Shes the best professor I have EVER had in my life. She is amazing, funny, caring and awesome! Take her!!!! 
Professor Witkin is awesome!! Hate or love research (I personally don't like it), she'll make the class fun and entertaining, and somehow you learn in between. She's hilarious but you can really tell she cares about he students and loves to teach. I'll take every class of hers I can!
Fantastic professor - knows how to take complex ideas and boil it to down to the basics so it's easy to understand. She has a personality that keeps the lectures fun, engaging, and always informative.  Love her and would take her for any class she teaches!
She's just the best 
Professor WItkin is great. She is laid back and easy to talk to. She gave extensions on all papers and grades fairly. Give effort and you'll be fine with her. I will search her out for another class.
Professor Witkin is calm, rational and compassionate--exactly what you need in a professor during your first semester of graduate school. She takes time to discuss relevant current events and asks engaging questions. If she senses that the class is overloaded she makes adjustments so we retain our sanity.
937927	Lynne	Casper	7
Always energetic, explains everything very clearly, and is always willing to help. Knows a lot about the material. Attendance is mandatory. Read the slides and chapters before the tests are you're good!
Very very easy class. She talks down to you and kind of seems like she doesn't really know what she's talking about while at the same time talking herself up. You don't need to read and you'll have maybe 3 other short assignments. Everything taught is basically general knowledge. I recommend taking this if you want an easy A and are OK to be bored
Very easy class. She dumbs the material down a bit. must attend class, you dont need to read at all for this class, study her powerpoints for the midterm and final.
Seems knowledgeable about sociology, but treats her students like they are in 5th grade. Class is aimed at students who don't speak english, trying to understand western culture. Should not be a GE. She's a lovely person though, just not right for a class where no one wants to be.
Lectures are mostly her reading powerpoints. She elaborates a lot though, and those discussions usually end up being test material. Easy class if you just go and listen to lecture. Really fair, will adjust tests depending on how much material you actually covered (rather than making you read and catch up on your own).
A very boring class for a must attend. TA's check if you're using your laptops for the proper purposes in class, so surfing on the net is totally banned. I just used the lecture as my nap time.
Dr. Casper is the best professor I've had here at SC. Her class is really interesting and it goes by so quickly. Although she does take attendance, she gives you one point for each time you show up, which adds up in the end. The work isn't hard and she's ALWAYS willing to help you out whenever you need it. I would definitely recommend this class.
1380876	Ed	Ransford	7
Dr. R is the gold standard for all professors. He is remarkably cheery & a great lecturer(makes it seem effortless, but only because he's been teaching for so long). He's very knowledgable, shows cool videos, & always makes time for students out of class. the assignments were not too stressful/hard. Easy A if you try, material is interesting too.
I highly recommend this class. Not only is it relatively easy and stress-free, but if you're interested in the health field, his lectures are also engaging. Ransford loves what he teaches and is always willing to make time for students outside of class.
ransford is such a nice guy and easily one of the best professors at 'SC. if you have the chance definitely take him. you learn so much from this class. just remember to take good notes and you'll be fine.
This guy's awesome. Take him if u can. Really nice. Helps his students learn the material without trying to stress u over grades. A lot of reading, but most of it is not a bore and u could read a lot of it while u occupy the bathroom (just saying). Grading seems to be based on opinion. Netbook and Microsoft OneNote is awesome for this class.
Pretty easy class.  Fairly interesting, especially early in the semester.  One midterm, one quiz, and one final.  And one empirical paper- sounds hard but is pretty easy.  All tests are short answer and he gives you 7 questions and picks 3/7 so you know exactly what to expect on tests.
easily one of the best professors i've had at USC. all you have to do is pay attention in class and take notes. really intelligent professor and very clear with what he wants you to know. definitely take this class if you can
Professor Ransford is really knowledgeable! This class is reall interesting and pretty easy too. You don't have to read; he goes over everything in class. 1 empirical research paper, which is fun. A midterm/final, where he gives you the questions beforehand! Take this class for GE 6/Diversity!
1924880	Matthew	Ripley	7
Outstanding TA, will surely be an outstanding professor some day as well. Very intelligent, not pretentious at all. He leads fascinating discussion sections and has a great sense of humor. Very willing to help if you visit him during office hours. A charming young Brit, if ever there was one.
Great TA! very charismatic and makes discussion very fun.
We call him Lord Ripley. 
Matt (aka Lord Ripley) is literally awesome!  He is very passionate about sociology and is young so relates easy to the students.  He is also adorable, British, and super cute!  So going to discussion isn't so bad.
Super fun guy, makes discussions enjoyable, love his british accent
He's the best. Great TA, super funny, easy grader. He's British and great. Take his discussion section.
Literally the best TA ever.  Matt is the coolest TA in at USC.  He is super helpful and wants everyone to succeed.
1754235	Ellen	Oliveira	7
Professor Oliveira is an amazing teacher! The first week of class is difficult because she only speaks portuguese to us, but you'd be amazed at how quickly you pick it up through this method.  Even people who were only taking this course to get dornsife credits enjoy it. Our class was very fun but also educational.
Great professor! One of my favorites at USC. Classes are always fun and entertaining with her.
Professor Oliveira was is the best professor I've had thus far. She is passionate, king , and understanding. She makes learning this language worth wild. I highly recommend taking all classes possible with this one!
Definitely worth taking.
The class was small and really fun. No homework except for projects. Participate a lot and she will love you. She is a really cool professor, I definitely recommend this class.
Oliveira is such a sweetheart and very enthusiastic. She made the class really fun. 5 test that were fairly easy. She's very approachable. I actually wanted to learn Portuguese, so I put in more work than most students. I got an A, but my friend who wasn't as interested got a B+. RECOMMENDED.
It's a little difficult for me to rate this professor because this is my first language class. However, overall she is pretty good.  She seems to want you to succeed.  She goes a little fast and I think expects people to learn a little faster than they actually do.  I would say take her but if you can find someone better do it.
1538532	Marianna	Chodorowska-Pilch	7
Profesora Chodorowska-Pilch is the reason I've decided to minor in Spanish! She has an amazing understanding of how English-speakers learn Spanish and the typical mistakes made and is clear in her explanations. There is a lot of memorization and hours of homework, but you will emerge a better speaker and writer with more confidence in your skills.
Really helpful and wants her students to do well. There's a fair bit of work and textbook exercises but they are graded on completion not correctness. Exams are not too difficult if you pay attention in class.
Mariana is an amazing professor! One of the easiest Spanish courses I have taken, yet I feel as though I improved. Be prepared to speak only in Spanish (although you should expect that in "Advanced Spanish"). Very helpful, nice, and easy grader. Sometimes a lot of work but not graded on correctness. I would absolutely take her class again. :)
Very nice professor, easy grader. She gives out a lot of useless work that's time consuming, and you most likely won't go over it in class. Not the easiest to communicate with; she didn't answer eMails, so you could only visit her during office hours. If you've taken Spanish before you should get a good grade, there were 2 exams, an oral, 5 quizzes
Very passionate about her subject and about helping her students. Way way way too much work sometimes, but she grades pretty easy.
Great teacher. Full of energy and shows genuine interest in students.  Always available for office hours and help.  Definitely recommend taking her class!
Marianna knows her Spanish and genuinely wants her students to learn and improve. Homework was a fair amount of translating but not terribly difficult. She loves participation and weighs improvement out over just ability alone. She is tough but fair and kept the subject of translation interesting. I learned a lot and definitely recommend taking it.
1729605	Leah	Kemp	7
Not that difficult of a grader and is really nice. If you absolutely need an A there are easier professors, but especially if taking P/NP it is not a hard class.
Worst professor I've ever had! She grades incredibly too hard and doesn't make things clear when teaching. If you can, take another professor for spanish!
Simply put, this class becomes a major pain. It is spanish 1, so it's not complex, but there is a ton of work and it is easy to fall behind.Also, Señora Kemp is a difficult grader and demands a lot of work from her students. I learned a good amount, but if grades are important I would find another teacher who grades easier.
Hardest grader for 220, do not take
Senora Kemp is great, she does her best to make class interesting, engaging, explains all the grammar and topics in the class well and is very nice. The class itself as mandated by the spanish curriculum is a lot of work but she is a fair grader. I really enjoyed having this class with Senora Kemp and I would recommend choosing her for Spanish 220
Great teacher but the class requires effort to keep up. If you're a first timer I suggest really reading the required textbook lots. She speaks Spanish completely in class so sometimes it's hard to keep up. But she's very helpful during office hours!
Señora Kemp is wonderful!  She is extremely helpful if you ask for individual help--I highly recommend office hours.  There are many small assignments so one bad grade won't break you, but it is important to not fall behind. She welcomes student feedback too. Participate in discussion as much as you can.
385741	Brent	Blair	7
He's my favorite teacher ever!!!!! It's my favorite class ever like seriously this is the only class I actually care about that I'm taking so yea. And you will grow so much as a person too. It's very therapeutic.
He is a wonderful human being and a great teacher. He deserves his title &quot;professor&quot; because he teaches you many interesting things which will help you in real life. He is a big idealist who wants to help everyone as much as he can. You will not regret taking his class.
When he's not crying, and I mean literally bringing on the waterworks, he's attempting to teach us how Theatre of The Oppressed works.  The irony is that he's sooo controlling that he goes against the very ideals of what Boal had in mind!  BRing a grain, or ten, of salt.
One of the best teachers in the School of Theatre.  We are lucky to have him here at USC.  Do not miss the opportunity to take ANY class from this man.  He has so much to offer.  You will never want to miss a single class.
Awesome person all around!  Classes are interesting and I carry the knowledge I learned in them throughout my life.  Brent is a great guy!
Will change your life. Classes are like really effective therapy.
Awesome class and awesome teacher.  He is the best you will love him!
385767	Sharon	Carnicke	7
Very helpful and knowledgable.  I learned a lot.  She is a walking encyclopedia!
Sharon is the quirkiest, man. She's so enthusiastic about her work and has no shame. Greek and Roman is her forte and she loves it. Makes you get a real kick out of the class. Workshops are fun though I would get nervous for them. She's so great!
She is such a knowledgeable person. I took her as many times as I could. Her Greek and Roman class is the best. She is a genius and is very prompt in returning emails. She even wrote me letters of rec a few years after taking her classes.  I highly recommend her, and be prepared to read the material.
Aside from Brent Blair, there is no person in the USC school of theatre who is more pretentious or useless than Sharon Carnicke. Her class is filled with dated information and contributes nothing to the intellect of a prospective actor looking to actually work in the industry.
She was pretty boring and her class seemed unnecessary. Just not interesting
Ughh.  No one liked her in my class!  She is stuffy and not fun at all unlike most of the theatre professors.
Excellent teacher.  Enjoyed her class very much because she is very passionate about theatre.  Difficult tests but great class.
614976	Stephanie	Bower	7
Stephanie is one of the best teachers I have encountered at USC. She's extremely intelligent, caring, and dedicated. She's really invested in helping people learn, and takes the time with each student to make sure they're ok. The course load is intense, but she is always there to give helpful feedback. Overall, she's an awesome person and teacher.
Hot! Hot! Hot! Dedicated, friendly, caring, and generous.
Stephanie bower is truly amazing and an intelligent professor! I usually hate writing and honeslty I got a c in writing 140. But she appreciates your diction and I think I'm doing quite well in the class. Highly recommend
Stephanie (as she prefers to be called) has a lot of interest in the subject she teaches however she oftentimes seems lost and scatterbraiend. She sometimes has unrealistic goals that exceed the work amount of the rest of the Writ-140 classes and the techniques she teaches made my writing worse than when I began although I am getting a good grade.
I really liked Dr. Bower.  She's young, smart, and she taught me a lot.  I know people say that WRIT 140 is a waste, but her class wasn't.  Her class was organized, but at times she seemed to be a scatterbrain.  And is she HOT&#63;  Well, one guy in my class confessed to having a crush on her.
This is a truly dedicated, intelligent, & interesting professor. Bower's class was definately 1 of my favorites. Not only did she groom me into a better writer, but she incorporated a lot of social theory & cultural studies that made the coursework all the more interesting, & the experience all the better. But it is true: this class won't be easy.
Bower is a good teacher overall.  Very understanding and easy to talk to.  Only 5 essays to write as well as a portfolio.  She grades a little tough but as the semester goes on, she tends to give higher grades.  Highly recommended. (She brings in donuts a lot)
1365603	Stacy	Lettman	7
You will definitely be shocked by your first grade (she's a pretty tough grader).  However, your writing will be much improved after taking the course with this professor.  She is always willing to give extra help, and gives good feedback regarding your previous papers.  Definitely not an easy class, but it will be very beneficial for your writing.
Such an intense grader.  Could not stand her at the beginning, but by the end I realized she just wanted to make us better writers and help us.  Either way, I truly believe I deserved a higher grade because of how hard her grading was in comparison to other 140 professors.
Extremely tough grader! Don't take her class!
Dr. Lettman is a very helpful Writ140 teacher! She explains prompts and writing techniques throughly and logically! I learned a lot from Dr. Lettman. I do have to warn you that she is a tough grader, but your improvement from her class will be remarkable!
Professor Lettman is extremely tough grader. Usually you can adapt to a teacher's expectations, but hers seemed impossible to meet. The same writing I was using to get A's on papers for other classes was earning me B's in this class. She did provide some good pointers to help organization and flow, but other than that her class was extremely hard.
At first I thought she was awful, but by the end of the semester I realized she was just pushing me outside of my comfort zone and I think she actually made me a better writer. Did poorly on my first 3 essays but my last 2 got me my A in the class!
Conferences are wonderful for really getting into paper. Very approachable. Grades tough but fairly.
1665627	Dana	Gioia	7
Awesome Professor. He is really passionate about poetry and his story is inspiring. I liked poetry before this class and now I appreciate it and love it even more. I didn't think assignments were difficult, so you should be fine if you do all the work.
Gioia is a very enthusiastic professor who knows and teaches his content very well. Sometimes he goes off on a few tangents about his personal life but he always ties it back to the class. Regardless of your interest in or experience with poetry prior to taking the class, the Art of Poetry will certainly make you appreciate the subject even more.
The best professor I have ever had. He has an interesting life story. His class isn't easy but it isn't tricky. It's a lot of memorization--something that isn't prevalent in most college courses. Attend lecture and the extra credit events and there's no reason for you to get less than an A. I have learned so much from this class.
This class is SO hard! All exams are based on pure memorization and he doesn't write any notes during class plus the text book doesn't provide any analysis of the poem so it is very hard to keep track of everything! DO NOT take this class is you can avoid it
Amazing class. Seriously the best teacher I have ever had in my major and out of it. He has an amazing back story, and even if you think you don't like poetry you will probably still love this class.
Never thought I would like poetry, much less love it, but man, prof Gioia is so engaging and awesome! Best GE ever!
Professor Gioia is the greatest staffing addition to the General Education classes USC could have made this year- A true embodiment of the subject matter he teaches, and a true contemporary of the poets he teaches. Class was always interesting and entertaining. There is work, though. Gioia knew many poems by heart - and required we recite as well!
315194	Janet	Hoskins	6
Very difficult GE class if you are not truly interested in this subject.the quizzes (and every quiz is a pop quiz) are hard, lots of readings, and she is a hard grader. Hard to get an A and her notes are not organized at all(and she doesn't want us to use our laptops in class). But she is nice and if you love anthropology I guess you will do fine.
Easy class! She is an interesting professor who is passionate about the subject matter. Readings are not mandatory and the study guide told us exactly what was on the midterm, and the final was take home. 3 essays total in the class and much of the class was spent watching movies. And we went on a field trip to a restaurant too! Overall easy class
The New Vietnam. Easy GE. Prof. Hoskins is really easy to listen to, even though she kind of laughs at her own jokes. It's all good. Nice woman! 3 papers on comparing literature, 2 midterms she gives you reviews for, and honestly she makes the class interesting. Take this class.
No Comments
Professor Hoskins is a wonderful instructor -- very helpful and engaging.  She inspires me to want to be an anthropologist!
Interesting, eccentric, engaging, and a good teacher!! Sometimes she goes off on tangents, but it's always entertaining and thought-provoking.  Knows how to lead a class to form their own conclusions.
1769980	Thorsten	Becker	6
Confusing, long, boring lectures. Hard to follow. Tries to stir the the class up by cracking jokes. Includes things in the lectures that he doesn't test. Easy passfail paper. midterm and a final. Curve is friendly. 
The lectures are incredibly boring and not well thought out. It was much easier just to study hard right before the midterm and final and skip class entirely. The lab is required and incredibly boring. We did middle school level assignments (coloring in maps etc) most of the time.
Becker is really nice but there is a LOT of material covered in this class so it's hard to determine what will be on the exam. There's a really nice curve on exams (he makes them pretty hard), and the term paper is pass/fail. There's rarely any homework (unless you have a pre lab) & if you do well in labs that's probably a big part of your grade.
Class is all lecture, no textbook, so attendance and good notes are a must. This class is hit-or-miss - students either found it really easy or really challenging, and I was challenged. Depends a bit on TA, but to do well you have to be very focused in class. I recommend doing JEP for the extra credit, wouldn't have had an A without it
Really easy class. Midterm and final are multiple choice, curve is very friendly, and the term paper is pass/fail. Highly recommend
Prof Becker is one of those rare people that actually can make science interesting. He has a delightful accent and sense of humor that breaks up the lectures about natural disasters. There's hardly any work (just one short out of class research paper) and the midterm and final seem really easy (because they're only 25 multiple choice questions).
1777984	Weiwei	HU	6
She essentially copies the textbook for the lectures, but she DOES know what she's talking about at all times and rarely makes a mistake. If you have a question, just raise your hand and she'll 100% stop the lecture briefly to try to help you out. Attendance is completely optional.
She's okay. She just lectures straight from the textbook. Not extremely good at explaining things and whatnot. I guess she does clarify some things because if I don't go to class, I feel completely confused as well. Rely on a lot of help from your TA because they pretty much explain everything to you.
Attendance  optional. Go to most lectures  Xtra credit. Since she copies from the textbook, you'll rely on your TAonline websites to fully understand. At least she knew what she was talking about. Tests aren't too hard but she has a perfectionist personality; even making minute "errors" will cost you points.  
I hope no else has the misfortune of getting Weiwei.  Worst class ever
Attendance for lectures is not mandatory, but she'll give extra credit to those who come to all but 5 or so of the lectures. You better hope you have an amazing TA, otherwise the class will be impossible. Material isn't really too difficult, but might as well be Greek when taught by Prof Hu.
Pretty useless in lecture - she just writes the book on the board... completely depends on which TA you have.  She is very reasonable with grades though. Attendance not mandatory but extra credit given.
123025	Salomon	Darwin	6
knows his subject matter very well. makes inappropriate jokes, and no longer teaches at SC.
A daring instructor and a true professional
He is one of the best professors I've come acrossed. Very dedicated to teaching and also won numerous awards for teaching. Thumbs up.
he is a very smart teacher with great knowledge in modern accounting world. he always makes those sexual jokes for fun. his class is busy and kind of hard. but still you will have a good time.
No Comments
No Comments
218266	John	Larsen	6
This man should retire.  He make fun of you in class.  He is smart, but very sarcastic and arrogant.  I hope I will be able to teach some day, because I could do a better job.  This man should take the time to help the students instead of critizing.  I work very hard in his class and got a &quot;C&quot;, which I didn't deserve.  Also he is set in his ways.
Only take him if you have too.  He is does not help students at all.  He calls helping students, &quot;spoonfeeding.&quot;  Don't expect sample problems.  It is a self-teaching class.  He is worthless.  Waste of our tuition money.
SHOULD BE RETIRED! DOESNT KNOW HOW TO USE COMPUTERS and is very unfair when it comes to grammer and his grading. If you write your name in the wrong place, he will fail you. CAREFUL! Only take if you have to!
Never used the board.  You are on your own.
No Comments
missed his calling as an english professor and still punishing the rest of the world for it
1763079	Maria	Ogneva	6
The professor is very clear and concise in her power points and the lectures are never too dense. She is clear on her grading policy and her tests aren't difficult. She gives you a lot of practice especially in class so you just have to attend lecture to learn!
Great teacher for accounting! Straight forward and explains difficult concepts really well. Lots of practice problems and practice quizzes and midterms posted. There will not be much of a curve, if any at all, so it's important to score well on everything.
Prof. Ogneva is awesome. She goes through all of the concepts extremely well and it great at relating the material to students. Her examples in class are very similar to her exams and she aims to that you don't have to do much work outside the classroom. USC is very luck to have her. I highly recommend
very clear (i.e. syllabus, power points) on what you need to know for the quizzes, mid-terms and finals. interesting classes, accessible for any office hours. the only problem is that the materials are way too easy so the curve is harsh (around 85% for a B). but generally great professor, recommended!
Great professor. Very clear and easy to understand. ends class early most days. helps a lot in class and goes over the hw. lectures are very organized and not boring even though it can be a boring concept. tests and quizzes can be tricky but theyre pretty straight forward and she's a fair grader. overall, i highly recommend her
Professor Ogneva is a great instructor. She explains tough accounting concepts very clearly & in the most simplest terms. There is daily homework but it's graded based on effort. 2 midterms, 4 quizzes, and 1 final project. Attendance is mandatory. She is very calm w/o being boring, which is hard to find within Marshall. Be aware, the curve sucks...
1800971	Marshall	Vance	6
No homework, only online quizzes that you can redo however many times until you get it right. Tests are hard, but with the Marshall curve you'll be fine. He is really understanding and has a great sense of humor. You won't regret taking his class!
Professor Vance seems to be knowledgeable on the subject and his PowerPoint slides are thorough(which can get dry and boring at times, but his exams are just purely difficult. He says he gives a little "twist" with the exam questions to help us think and challenge us, but it's ridiculous. I don't know if his grading system is totally fair either.
Hm... not sure why Prof. Vance is getting so much hate on here. The exams are difficult and you'll probably run out of time, but it's a business course so there's the Marshall curve. Class average determines grades, not your raw score. Great teacher. Accounting's not my thing and I did horribly in my first accounting class but have an A in this one
Prof. Vance is a great guy and super generous but he is too young and inexperienced to be teaching undergrads. He isn't very confident in what he is doing and it makes it difficult to concentrate in class.
Professor Vance is super clear. He gives really good examples and materials during lectures. Textbook is not necessary. His exams are challenging, but as long as you pay attention to his lecture, they are challenging in a positive way. The curve is nice too.
Was excited to take a new professor but this one was especially disappointing. The midterm was beyond difficult and long. The final was a bit better but overall the class drained the fun out of accounting for me and most other accounting and business majors. Avoid.
1859228	Alicia	Chavez	6
Alicia is the opposite of mono-tone. Really cares about the students understanding of the subject. I loved the videos (I'm visual) right after a short presentation, so what she was talking about really stuck. Also, she's very helpful and the TA's are wonderful and happy to help. Class felt like story time to me. 
Professor Chavez did a great job lecturing and making things interesting. She also made expectations of the class very clear, making it easier to succeed. There was a lot of reading but by the second half of the semester I stopped reading and still received a high grade in the class. Go to lecture and you'll be fine! Get Luis Carlos as TA!
This class is very straightforward. Chavez is rooting for your success. I got by without reading each week but ended up having to read a lot when studying for the exams. The paper is easy. The study guides are exactly like the exams. Use them!
Interesting topic and lectures.  There is a lot of reading, up 175 pages a wk sometimes!  Only hw is a one-paragraph response to the readings once a week, which is nice.  She gives you a study guide with bank of questions that will be on the midterm and final. FYI, this is really a Latino Studies class.  I enjoyed it a lot tho, and recommend it.
People and Cultures of the Americas.  Didn't go to class, didn't read, got an A
essay due every week. lots of readings. lecture is pointless. easy midterm and exam.
1648341	Eric	Nulman	6
Nulman may not seem helpful at first, but I learned so much in his studio. I appreciate his knowledge a lot more now that I am no longer in his studio. He does require a lot of work and may not say anything to you if he doesn't like your project, but just ask questions and he'll try to help.
I can see why people wouldn't like Eric, but I think he's very misunderstood as a professor. He can be helpful if you ask him a lot of questions and show a high level of interest in studio. He's very blunt but don't ever take it personally; he definitely just wants the best for his students.
He is a great person, however,you don't want him as your professor. Very unclear, assigns pointless in class work, and lacks communication skills. A lot of the time he himself seems to be confused by what he is saying. The whole class is ALWAYS confused to what the homework assignment is.
I generally enjoy drawing, but this class took the fun out of it.He is extremely inarticulate when lecturing, but when he speaks with you personally he can actually be quite helpful. His voice definitely won't keep you awake though. As a result, having a good TA is an essential.
Eric is a very knowledgeable but extremely vague and unclear. If you pry him enough however, you shoudl get some useful information. He gives out useless in class excercises so watch out for that, but try to get him for individual desk crits as he's very good one on one.
He's actually a nice person, but he's very difficult to understand. He speaks in a monotone, so he ESSENTIALLY puts you to sleep every class. I learned a lot more about architectural drawings from our TA than him.
947756	Carolyn	Malone	6
Unless you're a bible thumper, stay away from this class. Impossibly hard to pay attention to medieval art and she's so-so on what is expected for essays. Hardest GE I've ever taken.
I loved this class. Professor Malone was very straightforward and very helpful. Three essays and one in class midterm which she grades pretty generously. Readings are not mandatory and you only have to take notes on what she tells you too. Literally did all the papers morning of.. Very interesting subject and would recommend.
Though she doesn't take attendance, lectures are an important key to success. There are 3 papers and a midterm. The test is somewhat difficult. However, the papers are pretty straightforward, especially if you go to lecture and meet with her. She is very knowledgeable and made a boring topic interesting. Participate if you need extra points!!
Made medieval art and christian liturgy as fun as it can possibly be.. no real homework other than readings which are required but not necessarily tested.. fair enough grader.. overall good experience
I have a lot of respect for her. She has written a lot of work on her subject and is very involved in the field. A must know for Art History people!
I took Medieval Art and Christian Liturgy and by the name alone you can tell it was a pretty boring class. There are only a couple papers but she grades them pretty hard.
947757	John	Pollini	6
Good prof but the information is insane. If you are not an art history major or do not have a background in Greek art definitely stay away. You miss 5 minutes in lecture you are screwed. 80% of what is in lecture is not in his notes but on the test. Good guy and teacher but takes a ton of dedication
Knows what he is talking about but if you have no background or you are not an art history major stay away. The amount of information you must remember is crazy! Good professor but information wise it is crazy! If you miss one sentence in lecture, you are screwed
Wonderful professor. Very easy A if you study dates and important works. He's extremely talented and knowledgable in the field. Also a hilarious lecturer, he says the funniest things during lecture so the lectures aren't too dry. All in all, one of my favorite professors at SC and a wacky dude. Definitely recommend his class.
He is a very excellent teacher, Fluid and highly knowledgeable. Great class and wonder experience~
A great professor- he taught AHIS 321 Greek Art & Archaeology course and he is incredibly knowledgeable about the topic, an awesome lecturer, he provides great power points and covers the topic really well.  I would easily take a class with him again
Initially I wasn't interested in classical art, but I ended up taking a second class with Pollini because I enjoyed the first so much.  He is extremely knowledgeable and his lectures are dotted with interesting tidbits and anecdotes.
421317	James	Stancil Mcneil	6
Stancil obviously has a real passion for finance and the acquisition business in particular.  Be well prepared for lectures and understand that you're expected to have a decent level of sophistication to appreciate the concepts that are conveyed.  It's all about cash flow, baby.
Yowsers.  Very mixed feelings.  Blatant errors abound - from grammatical errors in his book to logic errors in his theories.  Yet, when he gets it right, he gets it right BABY.  Worth taking, but don't believe everything he says, because sometimes he's just plain wrong.
You are kidding me&#63; James is still teaching. He was old and out of it when I graduated 23 years ago. Why is he still employed&#63;
HE uses words that went extinct decades ago...  Do not use his jargon or any investment banker will laugh at you silly.  Old school, but he is well connected - MArshall keeps him for his network...
My father took a class with this old fart in 1969 - I was told he was clueless regarding the reality of the business world. I had him this past semester - 36 years later - he's a very old fart now and is still clueless. I can't believe the Marshall school keeps this yanker around. I doubt he's had a job in the real world his entire life.
Old-school, but knows what he's doing.  Tough love.  I recommend him.
566514	Arvind	Bhambri	6
amazing class, was very disappointed when it ended. Professor Bhambri has great insight and teaches in a way that prepares you for the real world. I would definitely take him again.
the best in my two years! he is brilliant and you learn a whole new way of thinking.
superb, very insightful and committed
One of the best professors. Would take any class he taught.
Clear and helpful. You will really learn a lot in his class.
A strategic guru.  He will try to break you with his unwillingness to smile, but stay strong.  You may one day see the amused twinkle in his eye, even if he doesn't grin.
977142	Dawn	Porter	6
She is an amazing stats professor. I hated stats in undergrad and she has made me interested in the subject.  She really cares about making sure each student grasps the concepts.  In regards to one of the other ratings, she definitely doesn't allow cheating.  The means are high b/c people tend to get the material when she teaches it.
GREAT teacher.  Not only is she considerate and fair, but you actually learn something in her class!  I HATED stats and I actually view her class as somewhat enjoyable.  I went to almost every class even though attendance wasn't mandatory.  TAKE HER.  Also: her average on the tests was not 90%...if you aced the tests, you aced the class!
She allows cheating. Actually, she just doesn't care. The means of mid-terms and final are always around 90% or above so you need to get at least 97% to get an A.
One of the Best Professors at Marshall!
She is awesome. Quirky, HOT. Makes a boring as hell subject great.
Very nice, happy, kind of quirky, and helpful.
1170531	Yasushi	Hamao	6
Nice guy, strong knowledge in finance but, terrible lecturer. Attendance is taken at random points throughout the semester so you have to go to class, even if you learn nothing while you're there.
Difficult to understand, extremely boring, and the tests were impossible. Terrible experience.
really nice guy but his lectures are just so dull. I had to learn most of the content from the textbook and homework which were decent quality.
Class started with 20 students,By mid-term only 6 was left.
PLEASE. I BEG OF YOU TO AVOID THIS PROFESSOR AT ALL COSTS. YOU WILL REGRET IT FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE. HE IS THE WORST PROFESSOR I'VE EVER SEEN. HE WAS BAD ENOUGH TO MAKE ME RECONSIDER NOT ONLY MY MAJOR BUT MY WHOLE CAREER PATH.
Professor Hamao is a very nice person who is a TERRIBLE teacher.  Plan to teach yourself while listening to mumbling in a nearly-incomprehensible accent.  Avoid his classes at all costs. In retrospect, I should have taken fewer courses or none last summer, rather than take his course. Complete waste of time and money, including ancient cases.
1488841	Phil	Birnbaum	6
Even if you participate, you get a 3/5. You learn nothing since you get bored out of your mind from all the cases that you just read, analyze, and write... There is an analysis paper ever single session. He pushes students to work this much but we're actually not learning since we're just taking it from the book without prior lecture. Man. worst.
Here's what you're going to do. Analysis paper every class DUE 11:59 the night before. Read the book since you can't do the analysis by making S up. All in all. I can't learn anything from this class because there is such thing as other classes too. All the work demotivates every student so no learning actually occurs. I recommend not taking him.
He has twice as much as cases than other professors. He has more than 15 homework assignments while other professors don't even give homework. Class participation is very important for this class. However, he's grading for class participation is ridiculous. Even if you raise your hand in class and answer question, you might just get 3/5.
Avoid him at all costs. Of all the 497 professors, he has the most difficult class, but you learn nothing.  His lectures are incomprehensible, and often times contradicts the book. The exams and quizzes don't test how much you have learned, and there is no rhyme  or reason for his question selection. Overall the worst professor I've had at USC.
Professor is very nice, lectures are interesting and he is available for help if you seek him out.  Ultimately though the material is very unclear the averages on tests are typically in the d-f range before the curve due to highly ambiguous multiple choice questions and confusion about whether or not the use the material in the book or class
He is a really nice professor, alway available for help students. Lecture is great! the homework is relative easier comparing to other 497 courses. The midterm is taken-home midterm!
1507478	Marlene	Towns	6
the class seems easy but she curves grades down a lot. I got a 91% in the class overall and that was a B so I worked hard for no reason.
Very cool. Tests are completely from the book. Not a hard class if you stay up on the reading and go to discussion.
She is chill and enthusiastic about marketing but doesn't teach much. lectures are often tangents about certain real-world marketing examples with no point. tests are all from the book. she posts power points which helps too. attendance is only mandatory in discussion where you never learn anything cuz a classmate is always presenting. kinda fun
Towns is super relaxed. She's funny, very understanding when it comes to absences, and tries to keep the class interesting for you. Midterm is completely from the book, but if you read it and study a little you'll do fine. Attendance is taken in discussion- its a part of your grade. Overall she's pretty cool, and the class is fun!
Yes, her class is very easy, but I feel like she did a great job of providing current examples. Her hot topic assignment is very interesting and the final project (also very engaging) is fun, to say the least. She's personable and approachable. I definitely recommend Marketing with her.
Not very clear on her objectives. We watched a lot of movies in lectures but the tests were basically all based on the book (esp. the final). Very frustrating.
1570770	David	Solomon	6
He is a great teacher and  knowledgeable. I will say this, I'm not great at finance so I found this class rather challenging -- but doable. His homework is rather lengthy and involves a good amount of excel.  Once again, if your not great at finance I would suggest another class.   Textbook is near worthless as tests are from lectures and old tests
Hilarious guy, great sense of humor, never a boring class with him. However, the class can be a little more challenging since it is all about his slides, 10 lectures for the entire semester. If you know them by heart, you are set for an A. Attendance isn't mandatory, homework is only partially related to the exams. Much easier class than core 306.
One of my favorite professors at USC. I highly recommend taking FBE 441 with Professor Solomon
Professor Solomon was my favorite professor at SC. He knows knows portfolio management theory inside and out. He's shares real world stories in class and is available to talk to students after class. His lectures are very entertaining and even though attendance was in no way mandatory the class was full everyday.
Great professor. Funny and engaging. Clearly explains concepts and goes over them through good examples. One of the best classes I've taken.
Not too engaging in class, and moderately helpful when you go see him during office hours. The content is useful and I'd give a neutral recommendation on taking the class. Its basically all portfolio theory.
1689034	Nevin	Kamath	6
Professor Kamath is a very caring teacher and a good person. He really extends himself and makes the material interesting. His class is fun but it is hard to get an A. I recommend takin him for 302.
A down-to-earth, affable professor who doesn't don all the archaic aloofness of a professor. There wasn't a single time when he wouldn't be unavailable - for class and consulting, or for soul-searching and consoling. Spring 2012 was his first semester - yet he was organized, adaptable and flexible to the point of being a complete natural.
He is a nice guy, but kind of confusing. His class isn't that hard but it's not the most fun class i've ever taken.
Such a great teacher, he really cares about students and does anything he can to help. I highly recommend taking this class with him, he makes it fun, interesting, even for an 8 am class. He encourages student discussion and treats students with respect and as a friend, but still maintains authority, which he deserves.
I really enjoy his class, even at 8 am! Prof. Kamath keeps it interesting by making each class different, and even FUN to participate. His assigments are somewhat vague/confusing- However, he is VERY communicative and keeps in good touch over email. He will clarify anything you need. You can tell he really cares, it's great. I recomme
Nice guy, very helpful, and wants you to really learn how to give great speeches. He gives you the tools and knowledge on how to do well when speaking and then teaches you and lets you practice. Very helpful...I recommend taking him, since he is nice and cares about people learning. Plus he knows your name really fast and that helps too. 1 on 1.
1928756	Elizabeth	Amini	6
Hard class!! I heard this course was an easy A but that must be with a different professor. You need to stay up on the reading assignments otherwise the exam is really hard. Besides being hard, it's a really good class. Not the easy A I was expecting but I learned a lot and would do it again but I wouldn't take other hard classes at the same time!!
Great class!! We called it Real Life 101. Tough grader but there's extra credit if you're willing to put in the work you can get an A. Doesn't have favorites which is a welcomed change from other profs at my last school. Treats you like an adult. Not an easy class but worth it because you learn a lot about business and yourself. Great speakers!!
Amazing professor who truly cares about students and teaches you important life skills like budgeting, how to manage your credit, and so many other things that nobody else teaches you. There was a lot of easy busy work in the class. If you do the work you can def get an A. Lectures are interesting and every guest speaker was great. Take her!
Learned a lot. Teaches extra stuff like budgeting and stuff you need to know for a successful life which was very helpful. Heavy focus on entrepreneurship - didn't expect that from an intro to biz course but it's my fault for not reading the professor's bio before I signed up. Didn't like the entrepreneurship or accounting stuff but loved the rest.
great class!!
This is my favorite class and she is my favorite professor. She's very inspiring, funny, and knowledgable and the guest speakers are great.  The class isn't easy (it's pretty tough) but she lets you correct your test in order to improve your score because she says life is about resilience and persistence, not about being perfect on the 1st  try. 
941681	Charles	McKenna	6
Contrary to many people whining here, this class is NOT hard--a piece of cake. Even if you had never taken a single chemistry class since high school, you should be able to get an A. (C'mon, there is an open 10 years of test banks on his website!) All multiple choice, predictable questions. BUT, McKenna was extremely boring and not a great teacher.
Mckenna is a good professor, but the class is ridiculously hard.  Professor Brutchey teaches part of the time, and he is even harder to understand.  And he gets defensive and is unhelpful when asked questions in the online help forum for the class.  The labs are ridiculous, I have to go to office hours several times a week. The tests are ridiculous
Not a class recommended for the non-Chem major, even though it is a GE class.Tests are crazy difficult, and went to his office hours many times for assistance but never really helped.
McKenna knows a lot about chemistry, and teaches it in a fairly clear way.  At times I felt he was only interested in helping students who were already getting A's in his class. Most of the top students had already taken the class over summer, or had tutors. It's hard to pass just by taking the class. I dont think that was really fair.
Prof. McKenna has the most BORING lecture though he does post them up online with their corresponding slides.  Nonetheless, his tests are pretty ridiculous, IMO.  If you're taking O Chem with this guy, make sure you memorize every single one of the 250+ slides before each midterm since the most random details seem to end up on the tests.
No Comments
1260473	Soshanna	Potter	6
Took her over the summer--lectures were clear and practice exams correlated with real exams. Perhaps she got into a better groove by the second time around, versus what the previous comments say about her being uncomfortable with teaching. Thought she was really normal (scientists = crazy), helpful, and the best chem professor/teacher I've ever had
Dr. Potter is an incredible teacher, especially since this was her first year teaching. I had a lot of trouble with the first couple of exams and she was so helpful and genuinely cared. She has office hours basically everyday all-day and the lectures are very easy to understand and relates completely to the exams and the textbook.
Professor Potter is NOT the best at teaching chemistry.  I feel bad because she's really nice, but nice doesn't cut it as a teacher.  Her tests are A LOT harder than what she teaches in class, including test reviews.  She's new so she doesn't really know how to teach.  I would try to avoid her if I were to take this class again.
I know it's her first year teaching, so I gave her a break at first. However, if I hadn't taken chemistry in high school I would be so lost because she always makes mistakes on quizzes and during lecture. She's clearly inexperienced and uncomfortable teaching. Her tests are much more difficult than anything she teaches. But she helps in office hour
No Comments
The difficulty and lack of clarity of Dr. Potters Chem 105a class compared to other seasoned USC professors is incomprehensible. Her lack of teaching experience and unreasonable expectations make any level of success seemingly impossible. Question difficulty on exams is endlessly more difficult than what is taught in lecture. Avoid at all costs!!!
1642912	Julia	Himberg	6
(ASU) Had her for her new televison and culture class. She is AWESOME! Her lectures are not boring and she has a good sense of humor. The midterm was super hard but that was about it. At the end of the course, she had us get into groups and mock pitch an original television show, so much fun! By far the best final project in my college years.
(ASU). Julia's pretty good. She is very knowledgeable and encourages class discussions. Her essay prompts are a little specific and sometimes hard to do. She graded me easy on the first essay but harder on the last. Midterm was challenging but the final was a breeze.
She moved to ASU- Had her for Television and Sexuality- She really is a great professor and makes things fun for the class. I'm taking another class of hers next semester and will continue to do so! So what if its not always easy? Your in college, your meant to be challenged!
I thought this class was pretty challenging at times, and I didn't like the screenings. The midterm was hard. Grading really does depend on the TA.
Grading depends on your TA and my TA was horrible so I ended up hating the class even though I liked the professor.
Professor Himberg is awesome. She's very organized and her powerpoints make it easy to take notes. She chooses pretty interesting shows to screen and there are only 2 papers, a midterm and a final. Warning: very occasionally she does quizzes to make sure you've done the readings.
1787084	Peter	Exline	6
The scripts are dated; the lectures long and tedious; and the only opinion that matters is his own. He acts as though we've never seen read a script in our lives, and says production companies make you write coverage without teaching you anything. But honestly? You'll learn more at an unpaid internship than this excuse for a class.
Oh what a guy. He's definitely a character, but since he didn't teach me script coverage properly, I'm gonna criticize him in the way he "taught" me how to criticize story elements. Imagine Billy Bob Thornton in Bad News Bears meets The Dude from The Big Lebowski. A disdainful, incompetent, but coolheaded professor who kinda tries to help out
Take the reviews below with a grain of salt. I've had Exline twice now: he is, in fact, very willing to help students achieve both inside his classes and in their careers. You just have to reach out. He's friendly, hilarious, and knowledgable. Yes, he shares anecdotes, but these are mostly great. He grades tough in 417, but you'll learn a lot.
I wish I would've read the reviews about him online because I wish I would've dropped his class after the first day. Seriously, the class is boring and filled with personal anecdotes. There's no rhyme or reason to his teaching and he can be extremely dismissive and rude
The worst professor I have had at USC. He's condescending and arrogant, and only "teaches" by putting down his students. He vaguely clarifies what he wants on assignments...after you've turned them and he's berated you about how poorly you did. Avoid this class at all costs, you can learn coverage elsewhere.
Never goes out of his way to help anyone. I loved the subject before this class, but he just makes you hate it. I can't believe he is a professor - he's so grumpy and resists helping anyone outside of himself. DO NOT take him
1172881	Stephen	O'Leary	6
He is a very nice teacher and really wants all of his students to succeed. If you are open, you can actually learn a lot in his class. Be prepared to go off topic and the class will not follow the syllabus. But he did help challenge a lot of views that I previously held.
Professor O'Leary is by far the most caring professor I've ever had. He will spend hours working individually with each student to make sure that everyone gets a good grade. Professor O'Leary is very accessible and will do anything to make sure his student succeed in every class.
Professor O'Leary truly cares about his students and will go out of his way to help you with your speech outlines. It is a relaxed class environment and he gives you more freedom to choose speech topics than most other public speaking professors. Overall, a good professor you can learn a lot from!
O'Leary is an awesome professor willing to help you write essays and understand the material if you visit him one-on-one. Prepare yourself, however, for his late arrivals to class and long random tangents. I don't feel I learned anything because rather than teaching us, he talked AT us for over an hour.
He is very helpful, especially with essays in different classes (he got me an A in one my GE;s because he helped me re-write my essay). The class was ok. READ THE TEXT.
good professor, cares about students.  Classes go a lot better if you are engaged and do the work.
1303890	Douglas	Andrews	6
hes a tough grader, for sure, but you learn so much from him. He has a very low tolerance for BS, so if you're gonna BS your way through 302, this is not the class for you. I found him really helpful and yeah, he may be sarcastic at times, but it's actually funny. You just can't take it to heart. He's a great professor! 
WORST PROFESSOR EVER!!!!!! He does not care for his students and only wishes to get over and done with the class. He rolls his eyes when students are providing comments. EXTREMELY rude professor!!!!! Do not understand why he is even a professor in USC 
One of the Worst professors at USC. Avoid him for your own health and GPA, he is a disaster  for sure.
Doug is sarcastic and mean. He made you fill out a seating chart on the first day of class (so he can call on students).
Communications with Andrews sucks. He is a biased grader and picks favorites arbitrarily. If my grade were already set, I would tell him that he is hands down the rudest and most unkind professor that I've met. I'm not even doing bad in the class, he's just that rude.
Very useful class for acctg major. Prof. Andrews will make sure you have a great resume and cover letter. He will also assure you know how to behave during interviews. It is not an easy class and there are more presentations to give than I could care for, however, you will learn a lot! He might come across stern but he is a very cool guy.
1541524	Michael	Suman	6
there is so much information to learn , a lot of it useless, that I wasnt able to learn and understand everything he talked about for tests. the way he formats the exams is hard; theres barely enough time to finish them and he expects too much out of the essay questions
Class really isn't hard but lectures are extremely bland, hard to pay attention to his monotone. Don't take this class as an elective it is boring and irrelevant to the real world.
It is known to be a difficult course and he is known to be a difficult teacher. There is a lot of information covered. He relates communication to business, law, technology, everything, so there is something of interest for everyone. It is a lot of work to most people, but most people are just lazy. Take the class, he's great!
Lot of work but the professor is very clear.
This professor is pretty clear about the course material but the problem lies in the fact that there are 3 essays on the midterm with so little time. Not to mention 26 short answers. There is no study guide. It is an extreme workload to not have any clue what is going to be on the tests. Read my writing clearly.. DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS EVER!!
Tests are 60% lecture, 40% reading. Read very careful, take notes, listen to what he says and repeats in class and you will be fine. I'm giving him a 3 for easiness only bcz the rest of my class thinks he was difficult, but honestly I think he's very clear about what he's looking for and if you are willing to do the work/time/effort you will excell
1577337	Zach	Posner	6
Helped me get a job.  This is the most important part of our program.  Would highly recommend.  Cares about students.
Got me a job.  Awesome.
Took complex subjects like Internet technology and marketing and broke them down into simple concepts that I could comprehend with little Web background.
Knows the web and mobile.  Intro'd me over to get an internship.
Great class. Very attentive to individual student's needs. I highly recommend this instructor.
Awesome!  Cares about students and helped me obtain my internship.  Thanks Z!
1184961	Leana	Golubchik	6
Dr. Golubchik is a poor lecturer. She does not appear to enjoy interacting with students at all and is standoffish in her office hours. You must learn the material on your own. You should read the book and do all homework problems, then you'll probably be OK. The final is very similar to the quizzes, which are very similar to the homework.
Absolute disaster of a class. Four months of distracted, nonsensical lectures  kinda redeemed by fairly easy homework and midterms... Until the entire class got broadsided by a final that felt more like being raped in prison than it felt like taking a test. I had an A in the class going into the final, which dropped to a B- due to the 40% average.
Don't show up to class, just read the textbook.  Shes allowed to put stuff on the test she's never covered in class, so there's absolutely no point in going. Stupidest class I've ever taken, ever.
All she does is read pre-made book slides from the book's company.  Some high quality education right there...
Take this class with any other professor, her midterms are fair, she's terrible at teaching though. The final exam is ridiculous.  The statistics for CS 271 Final Exam average this year: 28/60 and she didn't curve it.
Not a great professor, but not a terrible professor either. The course is taught mostly from the book and the lecture slides from the publisher. The exams are tough because they are mostly proofs, but I don't think there's much the professor can do about that. Her weekly homeworks help you learn the material, but take a lot of time.
1868343	Supannika	Koolmanojwong	6
Horrible professor and badly managed course. I paid a large tuition for the class but most of the session was being lectured by the TA with his weird social attitudes. This prof only lectured 4 sessions total. Then, there are multiple guest lectures and often, what the guest lecture says conflicts with what the TA or Prof said. Avoid at all costs
I am surprised at CS dept at hiring such a horrible instructor. I paid a good amount of money to USC for being a world class org thinking that I would learn something from this class. She has a thick accent and has some weird social issues. Her lectures has nothing to do with the projects or how the process should be to take for delivering projects
She is the worst and most dishonest lecturer I meet. She cannot control the process of her lecture time well and blame students about improper controlling the time of the individual presentation in class. The way I learned from this class is learning knowledge by myself. She force s students to propose improvement about course not think by herself.
She co-teaches cs510 with Dr Boehm. All I can say is that she knows nothing about the subject. She relies heavily on Dr Boehm. In our exams, she was not able to answer student's questions at all and referred them to Dr Boehm. She also has a weird attitude, blaming students for everything and for every mistakes graders make. Overall not recommended.
She isn't one of the professor you can discuss your queries with.If you join class a week later, she doesn't help you and makes a big deal about it and provides no assistance whatsoever.She doesn't go that extra mile to make sure everyone is on board and is to bored to care about doubts.
Worst course in USC ever
1649707	Andrew	Kutchera	6
Simply Terrible. Nice person, worse instructor. Changes his mind every 10 seconds. Force his ridiculous style on you. Obsessed asking 100 pieces every 2 days. DO NOT EXPECT to build a decent portfolio. Not eloquent enough! Worse experience ever
Best Design Professor I have had at USC.
Andrew is by far one of the most helpful and enthusiastic teachers I've ever had. He is super nice and quirky. He definitely has a style of design he likes but is very accepting to let people express themselves how they want to. The class is easy as long as you show an effort. He also gives you plenty of time to revise projects!
Andrew was my favorite design teacher because besides being really nice he let us express our own style of design and the projects were fun. He also gave us reasonable deadlines and didn't overload us with work!
Not sure where the previous comment came from. But I learned a ton from Kutchera. I would also argue he's perhaps one of the most enthusiastic design professors Roski has. Only thing, work can be a bit much for a 2 unit course. But definitely take, good professor.
nice enough guy, easy class, but don't expect to learn design.
1513382	Christopher	Magriney	6
This is is one of my favorite classes at USC. Professor Magriney is extremely helpful and the class is always very energetic and inspiring. I would definitely recommend this class to anyone who wants to take a fun and useful 4-unit course.
One of the best teachers I've ever had, he takes the time to help you through every chapter. He doesn't focus so much on grades just more if you put the effort and understand the material. I wish he taught more advanced levels of Chinese!
Best language teacher I've ever had. He made class so fun and interesting, and even though classes were mandatory, I looked forward to going! Easy class because he does everything he can to help you. If you have to take Chinese 3, take it with Li laoshi!
He is very nice, funny, and easy. Best class!!
He's one of my favorite professors at USC. Very funny, very helpful and best of all... very easy! Highly recommend his class.
wonderful professor. very helpful and entertaining. make sure you keep up with reading and studying on your own. he wants you to get an A. fyi..even though he's caucasian, he might as well be asian.
1723738	Youngmin	Choe	6
Very smart and always provides intellectually stimulating perspectivesideas on topics discussed. Respectful towards her students. Also very considerate. Leads interesting seminars and I would personally like to study under her as a PhD student. EALCEAAS majors should all take this as an upper div. Interesting + Easy if you like the subject matter
One of the best at USC! Willing to meet during, after, and outside of class to discuss your writing or direction in academics generally. You need to watch most films outside of the class, but she shows a lot of clips and other multimedia in lectures. She gives a break halfway through lecture. So smart, kind, patient, and passionate!
Korean Film: Loved her class and loved her so much! You watch about half the films in class and the rest on your own. She pushes you to work hard, but you will learn a lot about film, culture, gender and history. She is a really eloquent speaker and is genuinely nice. Super helpful in office hours. A must take!
This class was a lot of fun! We watched so many amazing korean films. I am so glad I took this class. She is a good teacher. At the beginning she was kind of quiet and hard to get a feel for but as the semester progressed it became clear that she also had a sense of humor and was a lot of fun. The readings are done online. No text book.
Introduction to korean film. Great class watched movies on one day and discussed the next class.  80% of the films were entertaining and very interesting I wish i could take this class class again.  She is also very nice and very understanding. TAKE THIS CLASS
Amazing class!! Films are amazing, and discussions are incredible and integrate critical studies, gender studies, history, psychology, anthropology, and more--all about South Korea. Class has 3 quizzes, some papers, and a poster project. Super accessible when help is sought , and that is recommended in order to improve. Writing assignments are fun.
1378067	Shelkh Aqib	Shahnawaz	6
He is the easiest prof. I've ever met. There's two  homeworks and two exams. Homeworks are not that easy but prof. will give you 100% if you wrong somethin. Moreover, you can find same or similar questions on the exams. He is super cool prof. in ECON depart! Must take him!!!!!!
He is the easiest prof. I've ever met. There's two  homeworks and two exams. Homeworks are not that easy but prof. will give you 100% if you wrong somethin. Moreover, you can find same or similar questions on the exams. He is super cool prof. in ECON depart! Must take him!!!!!!!
Very nice guy. Pretty easy class. Above average.
He was the best econ professor that I'd ever had!! He has a sense of humor made microeconomics actually fun to learn. It's true that his test's are not easy but if you attend lectures and prepare well for the exams, you'll do fine. Take him if you actually want to learn something in college!!
nice guy! EEEZZZZZ
This professor is super hard. HArd test. Never take him
1801083	Shinici	Sakata	6
Worst teacher here at USC MA program. Becuase of this teacher, I would discourage every friend of mine to not go for USC ECON master
Econ chair, please fire this lecturer. He doesn't know how to teach!
Worst Prof I've ever had. simply recite the notes and do no explanation. Strict grading rule and grader knows nothing about the material so you have answer exactly the same as the rubric.  A repec ranking 11 metrics school should not allow this professor to teach here
Super friendly! Really good at explaining the subject and his notes are very clear. If you have any skill in econometrics/math at all you'll love his class!
He's a really nice guy always willing to help and try his best to clarify for you. He does not use a textbook but recommend references because his notes are already crystal clear. well-prganized and systemized lectures though with some cute Japanese accent. Exams are super easy. Nailed two As from him like a breeze.
really ridiculous class... accent is way too thick. he has weekly hw assignments due, and theyre not easy. I crushed stats with safarzadeh and im pretty sure i just bombed the first midterm in econometrics, so im probably going to withdrawal from the class. it would be very foolish to take this professor. hard class, boring guy, just brutal.
764118		Jonckheere	6
Excellent class and Professor. Learned a lot. Recommend this class to students in future. However, get started on homeworks early as they take a lot of time to figure out.
Exam is difficult. The professor and teaching assistant will teach you different formulas and algorithms, which make you mad. You will be more confused after you taking his class.
Great Professor, he should offer more classes,and I will take all of them. If you want to really learn material and gain mastery over the subject,take class with this Professor.
Great Professor. Knows an enormous amount. Highly recommended. A++.
Great Prof. Can make even the most difficult concepts crystal clear with a combination of mathematical rigour and intuitive appeal. I have taken 4 classes with him and enjoyed every one of it! highly recommended.
Dr. Jonckheere knows an enormous amount about the subject and it would be seem the class is not sufficient to learn everything. He makes the class interesting, and gives an excellent math background to the subject.Highly recommended.
1097667	Keith	Goodfellow	6
Learned alot in his class
Why do I have to answer the "hot" question? I'm a guy.
Very clear.  Homeworks are applicable to real world problems
Professor Goodfellow is possibly the best professor I have had at USC. He makes all of the concepts interesting and relates seemingly complex topics in an understandable manner. I would recommend everyone take at least one of his courses.
Best professor I have had while seeking my MS degree.  Wish I would have found him earlier and taken more of his classes.
Professor Goodfellow is one of the best professors that I have ever had, including those throughout my undergraduate program. His explanations are very clear and he strives to ensure that the class grasps the concepts. He makes mundane material interesting and fun, and his background in the field shines through. You will be glad you took his class!
1229028	Amy	Rechenmacher	6
the worse Professor i ever had. lectures were very boring and sometime she doesn't know how to solve the problem when we ask her. very unorganized, basically she failed as a professor.
Sometimes gets lost in her own calculations, but she's very enthusiastic about teaching. She sometimes goes to fast or is unclear, but overall the class was fairly easy, just a bit boring.
pretty good teacher. there are a lot of handouts so taking notes isn't necessary some days. she tends, though, to put stuff on the test you never heard of before but supposedly you could figure out
Goes through everything in a lot of detail in class. If you go to class you will not need to read the textbook to understand better. Amount of HW is good. Only problem is she is terrible with time. You will get out late almost every class.
She's not a bad teacher but she doesn't manage her time very well. You don't really need the book since she puts the homework problems online unless you don't go to class.
explains material really well and is helpful in office hours. tests can be kind of tricky though and count for a good portion of the grade. normally doesn't give enough time to thoroughly complete the problems.
1231265	Marijan	Dravinski	6
The Professor is very standoffish and does not communicate well.
The material is a little on the difficult side but the professor explains the concepts with clarity. The grading is also quite fair. If you pay attention and do the work on time, you will get an A.
Avoid this class like the plague.  It's super mathy, useless, and difficult.  The teacher tries, but is somewhat dry.

Very, very easy class
This class was very hard to understand, but it was because the material was difficult. The professor did a pretty good job explaining the flow charts and algorithms to help you understand the codes.
1311122	Noah	Malmstadt	6
Awesome Lecturer. Would definitely recommend Malmstadt-hes one of the best profs in the department
Rude and refuses to communicate in a manner that is actually helpful to both parties. The kind of teacher that teaches for reasons that nobody can understand, as he doesn't actually seem concerned with the students. He's especially not concerned with the students who come in with no knowledge of coding, despite the class being an introduction.
Malmstadt was really nice and helpful if you asked.  He always answered questions whether in class, during office hours or via email and would always give you a clear answer to your question (unlike most other engineering professors).  Overall one of the best engineering professors I have ever had.
Laughed at students in class. Ignores that this class is cross listed and only teaches for CHE students.  After being insulted by him a few times I dropped.

No Comments
1627252	Michael	Parvin	6
His class may be a little hard to follow along, but if you go into his office hours and show him you're really making an effort and trying then he is extremely helpful and does all he can to assist you in passing the class. Genuinely one of the nicest professors I've ever had.
Just bad. Doesn't teach, can't speak english.
Mumbles slowly and scribbles on the board. Changes syllabus every week and is always unclear about assignments. Also unclear about what he will put on quizes. I learn about 10 times more from the textbook than I do from this professor.
Without a doubt, the worst professor I have had at USC. He doesn't teach, he constantly changes the syllabus, and he decided to make quizzes worth more than the final...halfway through the semester. He mumbles and he has a thick accent, so you can't understand him. A truly horrible professor. Avoid at all costs.
He is constantly changing the syllabus. I can never understand him because he mumbles a lot. Also, he encourages questions in class, but gets frustrated with whoever asks him a question after he attempts to explain a problem he tried to explain on the board. In addition, he usually sets the problem up wrong, making it all the more difficult.
He without a doubt is the worst professor i have ever taken!! He mumbles in lecture, he constantly is teaching problems wrong. He may do 1 problem per session and your lucky if he even does half of it. He'll change HW the day before it's due.  It angered me that I had to pay this much money for this guy to teach!
346543	Leo	Braudy	6
Took him for the Cat. 5 Monster and Detective class. Such a great choice. While you do read a lot of books, they are all mysteries and actually an enjoyment to read. 2 papers, one midterm, one final. All very easy. More than anything, the material for the class is really interesting and not a bore like most GEs. Take this class!!
Professor Braudy is an excellent teacher with a thorough command of his period. His feedback is insightful and helpful. He demands hard work from his students, but he seems to work equally hard to ensure that the class is worthwhile. I found him helpful, thoughtful, and truly interested in students' projects.
Professor Braudy is one of those &quot;genius&quot; professors that knows his field thoroughly. His lectures are interesting and insightful. His classes are not extremely difficult, but you have to do good work to get a good grade. He was my favorite professor at USC. His GE class on genre literature was the reason I chose to major in English.
Shockingly cruel. He didn't explain the assignment well, and then insulted me for my results. Not constructive criticism, either; what he said was entirely destructive and intended to destroy my confidence as a student. To be fair, he was a decent lecturer, better than most, but nowhere near the quality of, say, Prof. Green.
this man is evil.  if you screw up once, no matter how much progress you make after that, he still pigeon-holes you as some sort of idiot.  perhaps he's better with the grad students; he seemed to be a bit offended that he had to teach lower division undergraduates.
Leo genuinely cares for his students and does all he can to fulfill their requests. Even inept ones like myself.
592491	Bailey	Renner	6
makes hard stuff easy to understand!  always around to help.
She's really great!
Great teacher!
No Comments
No Comments
she is a really cool professor. The class itself is really hard but she is a good professor and is always willing to help out when you need it.
675663	Lucienne	Aarsen	6
Demanding but ... She rocks ! Gracias professor Aarsen !
She was tremendously helpful with both English and surf ! Thanks Lucienne !!!!!!!! Best wishes from Spain !
She is my teacher this semester and I am so happy for that. Thank you Prof. Aarsen!
No Comments
No Comments
Strict. Makes you work and fill out many, many forms. But class really helped me. I especially liked watching the videotapes of classmates and myself. Very useful.
957779	Trisha	Tucker	6
If you want to learn how to write well, and actually enjoy the process, take Dr. Tucker's class.  She is extremely helpful, and makes class fun and interesting. She has lots of handouts, and is very organized and efficient with time. You have to work for it in her class; she has high expectations. She loves participation, so make sure you speak!
good
Professor Tucker is a very skilled writing instructor; she comes to class prepared and with enthusiasm.  While fairly stern at the beginning of the semester, she loosens up as time goes on.  This professor pushes her students; but she rewards hard work in the end.  Although challenging, she's friendly, helpful, and definitely improves your writing.

No Comments
No Comments
1512014	Marcus	Levitt	6
You can tell he really loves what he is teaching, but he's not that great at conveying the material. There is a lot of reading and he analyzing them a LOT and he makes leaps that you have no idea where they came from. He's quite awkward and wants the class to participate a lot but we aren't on the same page and it leads to a lot of awkward silences
Prof. Levitt is a really great guy. You can tell that he cares a lot about what he is teaching and he knows his stuff too. The material can be somewhat confusing but I think he does a good job of getting it across. He is also very approachable and he is a fair grader. Would definitely take this class again.
This professor makes me very uncomfortable and frustrated. His teaching style is aggravating, as he is awkward, unclear, and prone to bursts of anger when he realizes that no one understands him. He is often incomprehensible, and attempts to lead us across analytical jumps that make no sense simply because he fails to explain. Terrible.
This guy is not the most interesting professor in the world, but he REALLY knows what he's talking about. Brilliant guy. Huge reading load, though. But he always lets people rewrite papers and is extremely easy to get in touch with. He is also very willing to help you start and/or rewrite your papers.
So, so boring. Awkward and unclear. Tries desperately to lead students into an opinion about the texts w/o actually inspiring any interest that would cause us to have an opinion. A class that is unsatisfying and not worthwhile.
I took his class in which we read stories that all involved humans turning into animals or trees, so it was definitely interesting material. However, the teacher would teach in strange, awkward ways, resulting in lots of silent moments where no one knew what to say. He seemed to grade easily enough, however, I got an A in the class.
1646393	Joseph	Boone	6
Everything was going so well until I got a low grade for my paper XD. Seriously though, the class was an adequete introduction into TO. Personally, I felt that the class did not address the themes of the class as much as I wanted. A very nice guy, but for some reason graded harder than any other class so far. Weird. Don't expect the easy A! Work!
Amazing, kind professor and a wonderful introduction to T.O. and USC in general. His personality is enough to make the class and the discussions he runs are great. He's fair in his grading and easily accessible. I did feel like the class could've been a little more academically rigorous (not sure how much I learned), but overall I'm glad I took it.
Prof. Boone was a great teacher for my first T.O. class! I really enjoyed the books we read in class, and his lectures were long but always interesting. However, there is more work in his class than many other T.O. classes: two graded essays, a midterm, and a final.
Boone is an extremely nice teacher, and he is so enthusiastic about everything he teaches. He had very interesting lectures (although sometimes a little over-focused on sex), and he definitely brought unique ideas to the classics we read. On the downside, the reading load was ridiculously large and the frequent quizzes definitely did not help.
Professor Boone is one of the nicest, most caring professors at USC. He tries to make class interesting and fun. Writing assignments are open to whatever you want to write about, which is really cool. Note that there is a lot of required reading for this class. By a lot, I mean A LOT! Class concepts are a bit hard.
Boone is such a personable professor, and his lectures are rarely boring or unengaging. It is highly important to establish a rapport with him, so office hours are a must. We blazed through the reading material, but that is typical for a TO course. Probably one of the sweetest professors I've ever had!
1502665	Lisa	Collins	6
This was the professors first semester teaching Enst 320B. Extremely disorganized, lectures were boring and not helpful. She would test on open ended short answer prompts that would require specific answers to get full credit. Also, the formats of the tests would constantly change, and she would not explain what the format would be beforehand. 
Killer teacher. She cares and is really clear about everything. Assignments, readings, and tests are totally reasonable.
Guys, Mama Lisa is the bomb-diggity. She really knows her stuff and she CARES, which is so cool. I've never seen a prof get so revved up in lecture. And ask her all possible questions- she's a veritable well of info/advice. And her son is adorable. If you can, take ENST 320a on Catalina. Life changing #cat320a
Great professor. Kind and willing to help. Very articulate and her lectures are actually interesting to listen to, she cares a lot about the material. Her exams are straightforward--be sure to focus more on the lectures than the book, but the book really clarifies the material.
Awesome, interesting. Collins is young and energetic and she cares a lot about the content and her students personally. Very flexible. Midterms and final are reasonable. Her assignments give a lot of leeway for messing up; she cares more about effort than how good you are at mult choice. Take notes because you won't understand slides w/o them.
Good professor overall. Go to class and take notes. Exams cover very broad topics and ask specific questions.
722919	Jane	Iwamura	6
Currently taking her at UCLA.  She is very smart and genuinely concerned about her students.  I would highly recommend her, she really knows what she is doing.
Watched lots of movies, subject matter very interesting and highly relevant. Forces you to think! And Prof. Iwamura is so patient, friendly and intelligent! Loved this class!
Great professor who really enjoys and is knowledgeable about what she teaches. Very easy arts & letters course. Films are pretty interesting for the most part. Assignments are easy/simple. 1 term paper and a take home midterm. The final is a project. Take this class! :)
She's extremely kind and passionate about what she says.  Assignments are limited, and the few require no research and are easy to make your own. Attendance is graded, but assignments very easy.
She's very effective, professional, and kind.
No Comments
508402	Tom	Sito	6
I took him at SMC for History of Animation during Spring 2009. Super A+ experience because he's a real veteran of animation history. This is the perfect class for anyone with a deep interest in animation history, but no talent because it is a history class.  Surprising how this class informs other classes! Tom has no ego, and a rockstar resume! A++
He's a fantastic teacher and really nice. He's full of great information and fun stories (even if he repeats them). You will definitely look forward to his class.
Tom's class is pretty kicked back.  He'll watch your tape once a week (he doesn't collect them at the end) and give you an A if you come to class.  He gets great speakers (Eric Goldberg and Andreas Deja both came) to come do their things.  He's kinda scatt
Sito is one of the best professors in the animation department.  If you're a grad student, his undergrad class is worth taking.
Tom is very into telling stories (often repeatedly).  He is also very gifted and knowledgable.  The material in the class could be imparted in just a few lectures, but that material is invaluable and should be studied very carefully if you want your stuff to look any good.
The only real animation class you will have at this school.  Take it twice then sit in on it until you graduate and maybe you will learn something.  All I can say is look him up on IMDB he's a bad ass.  You rock Tom!
1473911	Yongxiang	Wang	6
Very hard to understand in lecture so be prepared to teach yourself. Midterm exam was very hard, everyone was working on the exam until the end of time. The best way to prep is to meticulously study on your own - do A LOT of practice problems, know the concepts very well, and know all the calculator functions.
If you want to take his class... Mm... Good Luck.
I have to admit that he's a nice person. but a horrible professor. I literally learned everything on my own, cuz he barely teaches. There are typos in the slides which made my self-learning even tougher. The test was not too hard, but the whole learning experience is horrible
He's a really understanding teacher and is very personable. I really enjoyed his class and I think he is a reasonable professor. He also takes the time to explain concepts to you if you did not understand him in class. He also rewards students who attend class regularly. If you never skip class, I would recommend him.
Prof. Wang is very friendly, but shy. It's slightly tough to understand him because he has only been speaking English for 10 years. His midterms are fairly easy, but the final was quite difficult. He makes himself available outside of class and provides pretty good help. Lets you choose the weight of each midterm and test. Have someone sign you in.
His mid terms are really easy. In my class the average was 90%. His final was impossible though. He curves a lot. You do not have to go to class except for the days when he takes attendance. The amount of times you sign in is the percentage you get when you sign up for participation. He makes no sense when he speaks
1683271	Sherry	Velasco	6
I LOVED taking Velasco's class. She's really great at giving lectures that are interesting and relatable while also addressing the themes of her class. I was slightly confused about my grade all semester but that was more due to a TA who was MIA.  Would definitely take her class again- learned a lot and enjoyed her enthusiasm! 
Overall, I liked her. She was very interested in the course material (we read one book: Don Quixote) and really tried to parallel the plot of the novel to modern-day adaptations. Her grading scheme is a little ambiguous, though. And she counts "participation," which includes attendance.
The class focuses on the social issues in the past, mainly on the Spanish. A lot of readings. More like a boring history class than a gender study course. Course materials online are very disorganized. Many stories in the textbook are irrelevant. Disappointing class. But professor is passionate and TAs are great!
She is an amazing teacher! Always keeps class so relevant and interesting with clips and examples from modern television and film that we can all relate to. Her TAs are also all amazing lecturers and so, so helpful and genuinely kind. My favorite class by far!
She is one of the best teachers I have had in the SPAN dept. In a department of professors who don't care about their students and would rather research Don Quixote's anatomy, Velasco differentiates herself by actually caring about students learning something. She doesn't teach grammar, but that's a span dept problem, not her problem. Highly rec.
Professor Velasco was very bubbly and friendly, however much of the material we covered was based on gender within Spanish culture, which was not really the class I thought I signed up for.
1582412	Joshua	West	6
Indeed, He is a nice professor and respects student really well. Plus, you can use one side of cheat sheet on the tests, not quizzes or in-class writing. However, using cheat sheet means the test is really detailed and you need to know everything on the powerpoint! There are literally so many things to do -quiz,lab,in-class writing,presentation,etc
I have never rated a professor before but in the case of Professor West, he should receive some type of award. Honestly, his Energy Systems course is absolutely phenomenal!! Definitely take this course with him, if you can. By far my favorite professorcourse at USC. Thank you Professor West!!
Absolutely fantastic class and professor. He's understanding, reasonable, and intelligent. Has 4 hours of office hours each week, and is, to my astonishment, very nice about answering questions repeated over and over again. The class has a lot of material, but incredibly rewarding. The topic makes the class that much more interesting & significant.
Easiest GE ive taken so far... no need to to take it pass/no pass. If you go to lectures you really wont have to study much, he allows a cheat sheet in exams as well! Labs are a must but are easy!! Interesting topics and good teacher! Worth it!
Easy GE4, there's no huge need to show up to lecture since they're all posted on blackboard. Labs are straightforward as are quizzes. As long as you go over the powerpoints and understand the material, it should be pretty easy to get an A.
Professor West is an average professor.  The class is pretty easy, especially for a category 3 GE.  If you pay attention, do the readings and show up to lab somewhat prepared, it's really easy to get a good grade.
517597	Piggot	Joan	6
Probably the worst teacher in the history dept. Knowledgeable however also very knowledgeable in wrecking a topic. Like someone said trust the numbers hardly anyone takes this class. I think she's only in the dept because not many people want to teach what she teaches.
Horrible
Took a very interesting topic and wrecked it. Worst Prof. ever!
She is knowledgeable and nice but class is flawed. 2 possible reasons: content is boring at least to me and she was kind of boring as well. There is a reason why only a small amount of people take this class.
bo-oo-ring
I was profoundly dissatisfied with this class.  I'm a huge Japanese history buff, but this made me doubt my own passions.  The tests are arbitrarily difficult, the readings pointless because they aren't ever explained, and there is no rhyme or reason or order to the course.  Need more room...
584147	Carole	Shammas	6
Not very interesting. the lectures aren't very good, the only reason to go is the clickers.  You can get the same info by just doing the reading. The class is very easy, with minimal effort I have not gotten less than an A- on anything
The worst teacher I've had in my academic career.  Horrible lectures, she scares students by forcing them to bring a clicker to class to see who is in attendance.  Grading is a complete crapshoot as you have no idea what she is looking for.  Horrible, boring, unethusiatic teacher.  It doesn't get much worse.
Overall, a decent professor who was a bit vague during but very helpful if you take time one-on-one to discuss things. Not the most charismatic history professor out there, but interesting nevertheless.
She is sooo boring and the study guides for her tests are ridiculously long...I don't recommend this class at all, I hate it!
When I registered for Colonial North America, I was excited about the course, after the first month of lecture though, I was not. She is too hard of a grader, unclear of what she expects of student's on exams and papers, an aweful lecturer and completley indifferent when you attempt to talk to her about, well, anything. I will never take her again.
No Comments
1094038	Jeff	Solomon	6
Female misbehavior  (Arts and L 101) was an awesome class. Professor Solomon always made the class interesting and fun! There is a ton of reading, I mean a lot, but if you do your work on time its not too bad. You better be good at writing papers. Overall, it was a very enjoyable class, very versatile, and not too hard. Would recommend!! 
Prof. Solomon definitely the best teacher I've ever had. His class makes you think in an unconventional way, and I've learned so much through that. Sure, I joke that I hated ARLT 100 because it's a TON of work (reading, understanding complex concepts) but at the end of the day, Prof Solomon is HILARIOUS, kind, and genuinely cares.
You'll love him or hate him. He seems to view himself as a comedian. Lots of reading, and he's strict about class participation-- expect to be called on. Very left-wing.
He was a terrific TA: Engaging and informative!
Not boring, and kind of cute.  And that means so much.
Didn't run a difficult class, but kept the writing assignments coming.  Tougher in grading than in class.
675122	Jen	Floto	6
Floto is absolutely amazing. Take any and every PR class you can with her. She is definitely one of the most knowledgable professors in the PR program. She has a distinct style that confusesfrustrates some ppl who are used to more traditional writing but she helps you be more creative. Also, her nails are flawless and usually match her outfits
Definitely helpful in terms of real-world knowledge regarding PR. Also, talks a big game but isn't as strict with grading as she makes herself out to be. Definitely take her for one of your PR classes.
Teaches 201 with Erna.  Definitely not as funny, but really helpful as far as PR goes.  She caused about half the class to switch to PR.  Gives some random questions on tests and definitely demands respect, but overall easy.
Prof Floto was absolutely one of the best teachers I have had at USC! She's so helpful and on the point about everything. She demands respect and being on time for class and if you meet those standards, she's more than willing to give you all the help you need. Really great teacher, I'd take her again in a heartbeat!
Exhibits favoritism towards students
Awesome teacher! I don't know if I can really rate her as Hot or Not....kinda weird to that with her...but she is really great at teaching intro PR. Makes everything clear and definitely makes you feel prepared to work in the real world. She is one of those that expects a lot from her students, which I personal think is good because it pushes you, but sometimes it can be stressful. All part of the preparation, though. Definitely would take her again and recommend to all.
1261244	Alessio	Filippi	6
Alessio teaches how everyone should teach a foreign language. He focuses on speaking! He reviews material every day so the knowledge builds. He is also extremely funny! Funniest guy ever. The classes are entertaining but the tests are challenging. If you participate, study and memorize what he teaches, you will do great.
Great teacher and engaging class. Must attend every class period or he'll give you a 0 for the day. Helpful to go to office hours. Tests are difficult.
Alessio is a great teacher and a great person. He helps when you're having difficulty and is a stern but reasonable grader. Class is also very fun and very engaging.
He is a hard grader, but he is extremely friendly, funny and enthusiastic. If you are struggling with the language, get help asap because he does not go easy on his students. Class is hardly ever monotonous, and the 50 min usually goes by pretty fast.

Alessio is wonderful. He's a great Italian teacher, and probably one of the funniest people you'll ever meet. He also swears every other word. But his homework load is completely reasonable, he's very helpful, and makes Italian II really fun!
1512029	Francesca	Leardini	6
If you're in for a fun and easy time, good luck buddy.
She is the sweetest! Always very patient and willing to help. There's light homework every night and a few essays out of class. A written and oral exam for midterms and finals. Try to participate in class and find someone who really wants to know Italian if you're interested in becoming fluent because the class is based largely on parter-work.
I found ITAL 120 surprisingly difficult. The concepts are taught incredibly fast and it's easy to fall behind or get overwhelmed. I did like Francesca and I think she did a good job of setting students up for success. I would recommend taking it pass/no pass though!
Francesca is the best italian professor! She is extremely sweet and absolutely patient. She will help her students understand no matter how many times it takes to explain something. She has such a kind heart and has a passion for teaching italian. Love her! I wish she would teach my other classes and she really is so fashionable!
she's awesome!
LOVE HER. She is amazing. I took her level 1 Italian class and she explained everything so perfectly. Was easier given that I'm also fluent in Spanish, but I would have gotten it otherwise if I weren't. Also, super fun teacher to learn from. She is a total sweetheart, and very fashionable too. :3
408176	Erwin	Chemerinsky	6
He was awesome, the best law professor i ever had.  The dean was insane to let him go.  I will never give a dime to USC law now.
No Comments
The guy is amazingly brilliant!
He wrote the book but now he's gone.  Let's unite and fire the dean!
My favorite law prof of all time (and I'm a Bruin...)
No Comments
1593520	Sandra	Disner	6
memorize everything, literally everything, and you will do well. lectures are painful, only go to them for the pop quizzes, which are all fairly easy. final was way harder than midterm, and the assignments were not that bad either. again, memorize everything.
Not that easy to get A. Lectures are boring.
Not super easy to get an A. Exams are based on a curve. A lot of content and memorization of slight details. Very nice professor, but mostly read from the textbook for lecture. Content was unexpected for me, it involved mostly history and controversies with lingustics.
Such a painful class to sit through. She essentially reads straight from the course reader lecture notes. The only reason to come to class are the 7 pop quizzes. My TA graded easy which was nice.
She is very nice and a very easy grader. The class is soo boring though, almost painful to sit through except when she talks about various jobs she's had in linguistics haha. The textbook isn't so great but definitely buy it to complement and explain material. Some of the material is hard to understand but she grades easy.
She is a good professor and a charming lady!
1180755	Merril	Silverstein	6
Professor Silverstein is a nice guy; he is really straightforward with his lectures...nothing confusing. The class is easy, but the t.a. is not the best. Overall, I found this class interesting, but I guess those who say its boring are expecting it to be as exciting as their first trip to Disneyland. lol
Nice man with good intentions. Don't expect the same grade in both the final and the midterm. Lectures were boring and the professor decided to curve the class so that a 96% was an A. Offers JEP
Easy, straightforward. Sometimes boring. I liked him though. Frequent guest speakers. Class is fun if you have a good TA.
Absolutely useless. Boring as hell. Very, very easy.
Agreed, he is boring. But he IS easy and relies on the TAs A LOT.
boringgggg
1822367	Gene	Del Vecchio	6
He really knows what he's doing, and keeps the class interesting. He's good at getting students to participate, and usually brings out treats for everyone! There is obviously work that needs to be done, but he guides you along with great feedback. One of my best classes at USC so far, and definitely one of the best professors! 
Best class I've taken at USC! Content is current and relevant.  Gene is very helpful.  This man will help you get a job!  Entertaining commercials and examples in every class. 
Amazing professor! Always try to relate marketing concepts with real life examples. Lectures are very easy to comprehend because professor explains everything very well. Professor is very clear in class and is always willing to help students. Professor also will help with resume  interview related matters. Excellent professor who really cares! 
Clearly loves the material and works hard to get his students involved too. He holds fun invention sessions. He has a lot of pertinent knowledge from actual experience rather than just research. 
BEST TEACHER IN USC. USE A LOT OF EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN WHAT MARKETING SKILL. 
Best professor I've ever had at Marshall. Really knowledgeable about subject, and taught from experience with great anecdotes. Took an interest in all his students, and helped a lot with resumes and preparing for interviews, and would always follow up and see how things went. Marshall needs more professors like him, as he has unparalleled passion.
299052	Ronald	Bruck	6
He doesn't really teach, and going to class isn't very helpful, but his exams are straightforward, he is a very easy grader, and he's a really nice guy.  Homeworks are due weekly.
By far the worst teacher I have ever had, let alone at SC.  He made concepts that I already knew pretty well very difficult.  Going to class is useless and you are better off learning from the book and getting a good tutor.
This class is proably the best one you will get out of a crapy math department. You basically can leave and come in when ever you want. Not recomended since his notes &quot;might&quot; come in handy for the exams which are kinda hard. Is not affraid to ask questions not from book. The curve goes way up and a 68 can be a C. Great curve. Final not bad
such a boring class. I never went because it was so pointless. If I listened to what he said i would get confused.
He doesnt teach, he just tells stories. I find myself only going when homework is due and im learning from the book
Lecture and discussion sessions have little to do with one another, and quickly fall out of sync after the first few weeks. Assigns Mathematica(Math computer program) homework, but no one ever explains how to use it. He looks a lot like Santa Claus though
848213	Kenneth S.	Alexander	6
Lectures are clear, but his tests are difficult. His office hours are not helpful.  I would not recommend him unless you need the class or are super intelligent.
3rd worse math professor I've had. He quizzes you on material in which the hw hasn't been graded and returned to us. He asks, &quot;Are there any questions&#63;&quot; only to hear crickets and never asks questions himself to determine whether or not the class is actually following. He's smart and punctual, but couldn't teach the material well-we relied on TA.
He is one of the best Math Profs at USC. He is a smart person and very knowledgeable. He is also so kind. You learn a lot of things from his lectures.
Good
His assignments are difficult for people taking 525a first time(half the class already had a math masters, so they had analysis before):Be prepared to face this if you are taking this class.But he is very fair,very smart and while his problems are difficult,he explains the concepts very well.An excellent professor for a difficult class.My grade:A.
He is one of the best professors I've ever had in my life (not only at USC). He deserves to ask tough problems since he explains things with clarity. VERY understanding and accommodating. Gives homeworks regularly so that I study and keep updated.
1182927	Ko	Honda	6
Probably the best math teacher Ive ever had! Seriously so clear and helpful about everything in this class. A very hard class to take, but taking it with Honda is your best bet.
Highly recommended for Math 226. His teaching style is very straightforward, and he explains difficult concepts pretty well with visual examples and analogies. Very approachable during Office Hours as well. The material isn't easy, but if you go to lecture and attend SI (key!), you'll be fine.
He is a good professor. On several occasions he helped me with specific questions during office hours. Take him if you need to take cal III
He is a very good teacher.  The class is not easy just because it is difficult math, but the teacher does an excellent job explaining.  If you attend class, do the homework, and maybe attend the SI sessions, it is a fairly easy course.  I recommend Ko Honda as your teacher.
No Comments
At first I thought this class was a joke, but he eases you into the harder course work and has  no accent, which compared to most math professors is amazing. It's not mandatory to go to lectures or discussions, but it's pretty hard to keep up without both.
1357359	Sheldon	Kamienny	6
He's a really quirky dude. Seemed to enjoy the subject but not really care about teaching. Made several quips about not wanting to be there during lecture. Most of my learning happened during discussion section. Shouts out to Spencer. He was a great TA.
His lectures for Math 430 are confusing if you don't have any knowledge of group theory.  He tries to introduce these concepts, but his introduction of group theory isn't thorough or quick enough.  For an introductory proofs course, Math 435, 471, 410 (depending on the prof), and 425 (depending on the prof) would be better.
His lectures are fast-paced but he is an expert on the subject and explains concepts very clearly, making the material approachable even for students intimidated by formal mathematics.  He also brings in connections between group theory and cryptography if the students are interested.

He teaches very quickly and is VERY scattered.  Most of what he teaches in class has no relevance to the midterm or final.  The students realized this pretty quickly and stopped going to class.  TA discussions can be more helpful but make sure your TA is a proficient English speaker!  If you MUST take this class, focus on homework and discussions.
No point in going to lecture, he constantly teaches about things that don't matter for midterms of exams.  Just do the hw and go to discussion.
1461818	Sandra	Daoust	6
Great teacher. Knows a lot about calculus & teaches well. However, she has a pretty big ego & thinks shes better than everyone so watch out for her snide comments. horrible at emailing/getting back to you. Before finals, she scheduled a review session & then canceled it the day of. Was always sick & whining about it. Says &quot;um&quot; 100 times per class.
easy class if you take attendance. really
Frankly, a terrible teacher for a class that needs quality teachers to be effective. Sarcastic and generally unwilling to help, although I won't deny that she put in some effort. Everyone did terribly on the final exam, and I think this just goes to show that we weren't taught the material effectively.
Even though I'm not a math person, I was able to cope/succeed with calculus under her instruction! Some found her lectures tedious, but I thought they were very clear and helpful. We finished the material like a week before the exam and was able to review. Always open to questions/extra help.
Recommended over other calc profs, her review sheets are exactly like the exams
She used to be a TA 'til last semester when she took over mid semester for Doyoon Kim. Saved me from failing the class. Because she was a TA she was great with examples. AND SHE IS AMERICAN!!!!
975138	Ken	Lopez	6
Ken is my favorite teacher at USC. I have taken a couple classes with him. He genuinely cares about his students and wants them to do well and learn in class, and life. He will go out of his way to help you make connections and learn. Midterms and finals are usually papers. Ask for help when you need it.
Ken is a great teacher and the class itself is a blast. There are only 3 assignments, 2 midterm papers and a final concert you put on yourself, so the rest of the class is guest lectures from his high-up industry friends and field trips to venues. Very connected guy with a lot of industry experience and a lot to talk about. Don't miss lecture!!
Ken is a fantastic teacher. Some of the material covered in class is dry, but such is the nature of many subjects. Ken is extremely smart, has a A+ resume, and has career and hands on experience to back up everything he says. He is well networked, supportive, and will go out of his way to help you. He also has a fantastic sense of humor. Great guy!
Ken's classes are dope. He's super knowledgeable and passionate about what he's teaching. You can definitely get a lot of useful info out of his classes if you want. fyi- his MUSC roots music class was a fun change of pace for anyone needing an elective. you'll hear a lot of interesting music that played a big part of american history.
Yes hes experienced in the field but a dull prof. Class is very very boring and a waste of time and he just tells farfetched stories most of the time. Theres no hw, just 1 project and a bigger final project; they often require field trips on your own time. Nothing he does in class helps with the projects. Hes a useless prof; youre all on your own.
He is extremely knowledgeable about the subject and very passionate.  A fun guy and he is very approachable.  The class will never get out early and can drag at times.  He can sometimes be unclear about assignments but they are always on blackboard. He is more focused on getting students to explore  the topics rather than grade them on facts.
1363470	Morten	Lauridsen	6
Professor Lauridsen is a great man and a great teacher. He often goes off on philosophical tangents, but he gets down to the theory, too. He can seem condescending, and he has his good days and bad days, but the class is all about what you put into it, and you can do well if you're an active listener and you participate.
Great teacher. He loves to tell stories about himself but he really knows what he's teaching and you will learn a lot.
Amazing/inspiring professor, one of the best classes I've taken here at USC, hands down. ML encourages his students to always see the beauty/art in music. A word of caution, however:  only take this course if you've had fairly extensive theory training beforehand, cuz the class, which is primarily geared towards composers, moves ahead very fast.
I took this class because I love his music, however I now can't listen to it anymore because taking this class has made me hate this man. He was extremely unavailable and condescending whenever I asked for help. I didn't feel comfortable being in this class.
Amazing teacher.  extremely inspiring.  everyone in the class is in awe, and I'm learning so much.  If you really want to learn, take this class.  It's my favorite class and I would never miss it.  Highly recommended.
While a famous and undeniably brilliant composer, this man should not be teaching entry level theory. He had little patience with questions and demeaned students who were having trouble and verbally abused those who were struggling. DO NOT take this section.
1574294	Delbert	Bowers	6
An outstanding educator in an often-misunderstood course of study.  A knowledgeable and competent instructor.  Show up to class, pay attention,  and don't send emails asking for extensions on assignments 30 minutes before class like an idiot, and you'll do just fine.  Highly recommended.  Signed--MagnoliaFan
Okay professor. Never answers e-mails and midterms are really difficult. Attendance isn't mandatory but pop quizzes are worth a lot so you should probably go. Material isn't hard but he somehow makes the tests overly difficult...
Great teacher. Ridiculously knowledgeable. He'll be huge in the mixing world very soon. Extremely laid back/cool.... but you'll learn A TON. Btw, he cancels class quite a bit.  Only the best with del.
I took online through Kennedy King College. Easy class, goes strictly by the book. Just study for 3 exams and the discussion boards aren't bad.
Great teacher. The material is easier for those who are interested in it and have at least some previous knowledge of musical equipment.  The hard part for many is physics, so having a background there helps, but since its not his thing hes not too concerned about it.  Really fun guy, and for me at least, doing well in this class is alot of fun.
He knows what he's talking about and gives interesting lectures, but makes horrible slideshows and tests. Pop quizzes end up adding up to 40% of your grade, so missing class can be devastating. Not a bad teacher but lacks some organizational skills
1939387	Bruce	Yazejian	6
Horrible lecturer. Doesn't make it clear. Impossibly difficult class.
Bruce is awesome. Show up to class (its usually interesting), study the study guides that he gives you and do well on the test and you'll be fine (BA). He genuinely cares about you learning the info which is refreshing and if you need help he'll be there for you. Class is pretty simple, put in a good amount of effort and you'll do well.
Very clear and relaxed. Likes to get to know his students and adjusts the test based on our feedback. 
He's pretty nice. It's hard to teach basic neuroscience without a deep chemical or biological foundation so I give him props for that. Tests are pretty easy if you understand the material.
He is the quirkiest funniest teacher you'll ever have. 4 tests (including final) throughout the semester, non-cumulative, all pretty much worth the same. Gives a study guide one week prior each exam and goes over material on class. He grades on a curve. Also, he's pretty lenient, will change stuff if you ask him, including test dates. Only 1paper
Very nice professor. He will help you if you reach out and he is very understanding. He wants everyone to do good and it shows. Tests are a little stuff, and if you do not show up to class, then good luck getting anything above a C. 
1645808	Joshua	Kun	6
His class is very inspirational. He has given his students further insights about social issues in society. Yet, he is engaging because he uses pop culture references and always updates them. Even though readings are quite a lot, they are very interesting.
One of my favorite professors at USC. His lectures are amazing, interesting, and you definitely learn a lot. It is not impossible to get an A, but sometimes the essay prompts are a bit challenging. He uses a lot of pop culture references which makes material easier to relate to. Definitely would take him again.
Don't skip lecture--Professor Kun is inspiring, passionate, and knowledgeable.  Plus he shows Nicki Minaj music videos and talks about Kanye West in his lectures.  Really interesting subject material, easy class.  Weekly blog posts, three papers, and final.
Professor Kun is unbelievable.  He is so enthusiastic about the material and cares to know his students.  This class wasn't challenging to get an A; however, I still feel that I learned a lot and I LOVED the class thanks to Prof Kun's energy and commitment to making the class enjoyable.  Highly recommend for both comm majors and non majors!
By far my favorite class at USC. So much enthusiasm and fun, yet challenging subject brought onto the stage. I had so much fun with this class and I recommend anyone interested in music to take it. I'm looking forward to take more classes with him in the near future!
He was my favorite professor this past semester. He knows a lot about popular culture and talks a lot about music which is a plus! The paper topics are hard but he and the TA'S are super helpful. I loved this class, take it!! I looked forward to the 3 hour lecture because everything he talks about applies to our contemporary life. He is the best!!
1443362	Kim	Morris-Eggleston	6
Kim is amazing! She is so passionate about OT and truly cares about all of her students. The tests are so easy and she makes lectures fun. 
She is so kind, understanding, and engaging! A break from strict lecture classes that reminds you to breathe every once in a while. Recommended!
Kim is so amazing. I loved both classes I took with her.
AWESOME Professor!! Kim is amazing and helpful with an awesome sense of humor and a sunny disposition. The class is informative and relevant. Attendance, although not required, is imperative because everything she goes over is on the test. Overall awesome class but I can't stress the importance of attendance!
Kim is the most awesome professor at USC. She is exactly like a great super fun friend, who will always give you advice on life; she helped me get through a tough semester. She makes the course extremely enjoyable and engaging. The tests are straight forward and not tricky, just take detailed notes and you should have no problems. OT220 is a blast!
She's super fun, keeps you interested in the subject matter, and gets along with everyone in class. I highly recommend you take any of her classes!
1647804	Sam	Shpall	6
Took 2 classes with him.  Best professor I've ever had.  Brilliant, funny, kind, charismatic, and extremely passionate about the subjects he teaches.  His classes are difficult, but very worth the work!  If you put in the effort and let that show, an A is possible. I would have taken all of his classes if I could've.
Super enthusiastic and charismatic. He makes class fun and he's open to anything. One class we jokingly asked to have class outside and he said sure. Great guy and super helpful in office hours. One of the best professors I've ever had.
Prof. Shpall took over the class halfway through the semester (did a great job continuing the class). As a student, it was a bit difficult adjusting (had to argue/dicuss philosophy for 2 hours+ straight and watched less sci-fi movies). However, Prof. Shpall knows how to make phil. interesting. Final wasn't 2 bad. Be ready to do lot's of thinking!
Fantastic professor. Very approachable, good-humored and quick on his feet when it comes to arguing in philosophy. Extremely passionate about the subject.
great professor. he is passionate and sometimes funny. He blows my mind with his philosophy arguments and he inspired me to minor in philosophy. Every class is interesting and engaging. I was often reluctant to leave! (and I'm a frat star, not a gdi nerd). The class was hard but he isn't involved in the grading - its all TA's. he's a chill guy
Great teaching style - clear, concise, and well humored. Grading is appropriate (not too strict nor lenient), but effort will earn you that high grade. Communicates with students very well, he will remember your name for the rest of the semester. Highly recommended!
1307875	Lavonna	Lewis	6
lots of papers. incredibly helpful during office hours and wants you to do well. never used the textbook and still did well in the class. class sometimes seems pointless because it's so broad but it's a good intro to public policy. there's also an informational interview you need to conduct with a person in your chosen profession.
At first the class seemed very overwhelming because she has very dense slides and goes through them very fast, but she gives out the test questions before the test and you can outline all the questions and look through the slides. Engaging class with lots of student participation and frequent in-class small group work. She's a very funny person.
If you want to take an intro to Public Policy class take it with Lewis! She's helpful, and the class is really easy. She's the best professor I've ever had at USC. She's also incredibly nice.
You shouldn't have a problem with Dr. Lewis. She's helpful and knowledgeable. But make sure you consider doing the first few case analysis carefully. I did the first one and the last two were awful. Policy paper - must have a completely written draft or you'll get dinged severely. You should not have a problem with the test - I mean it.
She is not easy, but she is fair and willing to meet and assist any student. The book, Public Administration and Public Affairs by Nicholas Henry sucked ass juice. Even the professor agreed it is hard reading but she said she was going to change it. Other than the book she is great.
Pretty straight forward. Expectations reasonable. You get the test questions before the test. The TA grades harder than she does.
542282	Donna	Schuele	6
SOOOO boring and the lectures, readings, guest speakers and projects are all unrelated. I was bored and anooyed going to this class.
This was a terrible class. There is no point in taking notes because the final has NOTHING to do with what she lectured about. You get to do book reports for the final. She's also very boring, condescending, pompous, and rude. She acts annoyed when you ask her questions and makes snide comments; she's not helpful at all. DO NOT take her class.
Professor Schuele is so helpful.  She will make every effort to meet with you outside of class time.  Talk to her after class as well.  She's always willing to hear if you have any complaints, concerns, worries, etc.  She's very open-minded.  A great source for references and law school guidance.
I unlike the other two comments really liked the professor. She was super passionate about her field and helpful if you asked for help.
ok...the first person is right don't take notes because they won't be needed. All I know is this professor is terrible. She is an insane witch.
This class is suppost to be about the supreme court, but no assignments reflect that.  The lectgure notes she gives have nothing to do with the assignments she gives.  So basically taking notes is a waste of time.  The class is boring, you learn nothing abou the court.
1356325	Ange-Marie	Hancock	6
Think of this class as an acting class. If you can act, then you are golden. Everything is in-class. Theres a couple of presentations and a lot of group activities. 
If you enjoy: a snowball paper with no purpose; a useless syllabus; no office hours or availability; wasted textbooks; useless group activities instead of actual teaching or lecture;time spent reading material that does not pertain to the course in any way, then this class if for you! Truly my least favorite course and professor at USC. Avoid her.
TA does all of the grading. Snowball paper consists of 5 individual papers = 70% of your grade. 20% film club presentation and the remainder is attendance. Paper requires a lot of effort but she is always available to help through email/office hours
It's a 400 level class and she expects good work. The course content is interesting and the research project was really interesting. The final paper was really complex, but overall it was a great class. I would gladly take another class with professor Hancock.
Challenging, brilliant, incredible.
reallllllllly hard. she seems nice but when you see youre grade she is far from it. she makes the most simple material seem as if it is so complicated and grades you in that manner as well. it is not a hard course at all but with her as your teacher nothing you can do is write. she is a perfectionist to the max. even if youre right, not to her
971693	James	Heft	6
Father Heft is a great lecturer, and he always engages the class in discussion. He is very passionate about the subject, but even though he is a priest, Father Heft is open to different ideas about how the Catholic Church can improve and appeal to more people. If you do all the readings and visit office hours, you will be fine.
ABSOLUTELY THE WORST. I just took the final for that class. He is just the most HORRIBLE teacher I've ever had. Do not take. You've been warned.
DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS i promise you will have a bad time. he is a horrible teacher, he always has to be right, his lectures are terribly boring. he embodies the idea of worst teacher ever.
HORRIBLE professor!
Professor Heft is a nice guy. I never got the sense that he was rude like the other guy said. His class is often boring and hard to pay attention to, but thankfully everything in the tests is covered in the textbooks (which are very boring, be warned). He's very approachable if you're having trouble. Very hard if you have no Catholic background.
Heft is the only priest on USC's faculty. He says he's open to other opinions, but isn't. He created the course &quot;Democracy, Dissent, and the Da Vinci Code: Catholicism in the US&quot; as an option for the GE ARLT. Most joined for Da Vinci, but it doesn't get mentioned until the last 2 days. HORRIBLE prof!! He's rude to his students & plays favorites.
1674838	Oliver	Franke	6
Dr. Franke just passed away this past week. I got sick last week, and missed his last class. I genuinely regret not being there. He was the kindest, caring professor I had this semester. He used to give candy to people in class. The class is structured around lab, but go to lecture for hints and discussion of theory behind the labs. 
Franke does a good job of getting the material across, and it is clear that he knows the material extremely well, but it is also clear that he sort of assumes at some level that students will also know everything, and this is reflected in how the tests are graded. Attendance is semi-mandatory in that attendance makes up a portion of your grade.
He knows the material really really well and does his best to engage the class. He's also funny and gives out candy. It's a little confusing what the tests will be on and how to study for them. He is really helpful though and wants everyone to do well. Projects are done in pairs so take the class with a friend.
Dr. Franke is cool. His accent is not hard to understand and his tests are all based on lectures--you just have to know everything! He does, however, give an opportunity for extra credit but he made the class compete for it. Our TA was super helpful and a fair graded when it comes to stuff like homework. Overall, the class was great.
he is not a good teacher. he just copys his notebook on the board. thats all he does. whenever I aksed something, he didnt really know and explained clearly.
Very good lecturer, very interested in material, by far one of my favorite professors I've had at USC.
43564	Marilyn	Flynn	6
A disgrace to a profession that's supposed to be about helping people and being fair.  Inexcusable!
Life is too short for long-term exposure to relentless agony and distress, even in the form of higher education.
Marilyn Flynn is exactly what's wrong with academia.
This social work program and this professor's class are so unremittingly awful that labeling them dogs constitutes cruelty to canines.
A bad professor and a bad Dean.
No Comments
573429	Esther	Gillies	6
EXTREMELY HARD GRADER. SHE MAKES YOU HATE HER FOR IT, BUT WHEN YOU READ THE FEEDBACK ITS ACTUALLY TRUE AND HELPFUL. SHE WILL MAKE YOU REWRITE; SHE HOLDS EVERYONE IN HER CLASS TO A CATHOLIC SCHOOL STANDARD. SHE SAID SO HERSELF. SHE IS VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE. BEFRIEND HER, IT WILL MAKE YOUR LIFE EASIER; SHE IS ALWAYS WILLING TO HELP AND GIVE YOU TIPS.
Lots of experience in the field and very generous with her time.
Pros- organized lectures, detailed powerpoints, willing to read 1-2 pgs of drafts before paper submission deadline, objective and open to differing opinions in one on one interactions, and clearly written paper prompts; Cons- difficult class, hard grader, strict criteria, and boring class
This professor is extrmemly difficult to understand. she is not clear on what she wants on the papers and the articles are difficult to locate. she wants to help but is not clear. for an elective course this course is way too difficult. if you can avoid this class then do it.
She is very competent in the field of social work and has years of experience to contribute in the classroom discussion. She's tough, firm, but fair. She's very critical of your writing style and your formatting but helps you along the way. Not a free ride!!!
No Comments
924635	Kim	Goodman	6
Very caring and always willing to meet with you outside of class to talk.  Good teacher and a fair grader. Her class was better than most of the other seminars.
This class was nice because good discussion was made. However sometimes it can be annoying that its over involved. Prof is very nice and she tries better than most seminars from what I have heard.
This prof prides herself on giving tougher, more time-consuming assignments and being a hard grader even though this is a credit/no credit class and her fellow profs usually give students a break in this class.  So, you may learn a bit more, but you also end up doing more in this class than you really need to.
Goodman is a great professor, has a lot of knowledge and its really helpful. I enjoyed the seminar class very much. She always welcomed students to process their experiences in field.
No Comments
she has this affected touchy-feely &quot;i hear what your saying&quot; thing going on that is really irritating.  The class was pointless, to bad it's mandatory
1001927	Iris	Gonzalez-Thrash	6
awesome instructor! She knows what she's doing
By far one of my favorite teachers. She is extremely helpful and really knows her stuff. Very approachable and cares about her students. When writing the papers, make sure you use the language, that is what she is looking for the most.
She does well in explaining theories clearly and applies them to her professional experiences to make them more concrete to her students. She cares for each of her students and always welcomes her students to receive individualized support from her. She is a great professor!
No Comments
Iris is a good lecturer, when she does lecture. However, she does not give clear expectations on her assignemnts until a couple days prior to the due date at which point she she changes  the assignment or adds additional compnents to it. I found it very frustrating overall.
Iris is a very friendly and hands on teacher. She really cares about the students and is great at making things relate to the real world! She has a lot of experience with counseling and shares many stories!
1357910	Ben	Pomerantz	6
To me he is a fair-to-easy grader. You either love his affect regulation and hypnosis talks or could do without. A little goofy/ too far out for my taste. Role plays and his feedback on our interview techniques very helpful. He often seems grumpy and not all that culturally aware, but he has tons of professional experience. I give him a B overall.
Good Professor, know his stuff, and great resources for consulting. He is into breathing and meditation, make us do breathing exercises in class. didn't work for me, but others liked it. he expects graduate level papers, hard grader but fair. overall a good professor if you want to learn. if you want an easy A, forget about it.
He has a very arbitrary grading system.  He does not explain anything clear, instead he uses complex metaphors and you are left more confused.  He gets very irritated when asked questions, especially if they are clarifying questions. I would never take is class again and I would not recommend him to anyone who likes someone who straight forward gra
Great &quot;Grad&quot; school teacher. Clear & well spoken, he will teach you what is &quot;important&quot; in social work practice, not necessarily what is emphasized in the curriculum. Has a depth & breadth of experience in the field & teaching. Students with writing not up to &quot;graduate-level&quot; standards will indeed be marked commensurate to their writing abilities.
His class is really fun, but your essay grades may be a surprise. He has favorites and his paper grading is unfair. I got a B on a paper for citing APA correctly (although he thought it was incorrect) when I showed him in the manual that it was indeed correct he gave me the B anyway. Basically, his favorites take him twice and everyone else drops.
Good professor. Very anal about coming in late or not showing up to class w/o letting him know.
1509073	Nick	Alenkin	6
Great instructor!! Super helpful and nice guy uses his own practical experiences to help you....I thought he was very fair to the class
Alot of reading but provided feedback on exams, used personal experience to help us learn. Liked him..reccomended by others
Does not answer questions clearly and always tell students to refer to the book, and that it is self explanatory. He reads directly from slides which are also not helpful. AVOID taking him.
He was clear, funny, and most of all cared about us learning! Very patient person, he was able to tell us about his work experience which helped me understand the material. I had him for 2 classes and he was great
He was clear and concise for me. Some students did not take the time to read or engage in discussion. I like the fact that he was open and patient with us. Would take him again for another class
Very boring class. His powerpoint slides are not that helpful. All he does is sit and read off the pp slides and ask us close-ended questions. so room for critical thinking. Assignments and quizzes were ambiguous resulted in hurting our grades. overall not bad, not good. take him only as your last resort.
1670759	Beverly	Younger	6
Dr. Bev is an AWESOME instructor. She not only teaches, but she GENUINELY cares. She is very understanding & easily accessible. I wish I could take her the WHOLE way thru!
Dr. Bev is great! She is very interested and thoughtful. She will take the time to help you learn and is open to your point of view and understanding of the subject.
excellent instructor, was able to catch us up to where we should have been if we had not had a less able professor the previous term.
Can't speak higher of Dr. Younger. Awesome professor.
Excellent instructor. Definitely ensures you understand the material and assignments completely. Definitely choose her for either Behavior class!
A must take professor. Very clear and social. You need to book to write your papers ut her power points are on point and an excellent reference.ng her again for 505.
1758552	Kim	Finney	6
Finney is by far, my favorite professor I've ever taken in both undergrad AND grad school. She is INCREDIBLE. I never wanted to miss class. She is extremely flexible & makes the learning about YOU. Her lectures are so engaging and makes learning seem so effortless. I tried so hard to take any class with her my 2nd year too. You'll love her class!!
Her lectures are very dry, she reads the sentences off the power points without any enthusiasm. When you ask for explanations of things she gives you very general, useless replies, never actually clarifies anything. No feedback on papers, just low grades without explanations.  IF you do manage to ask for help or ask for clarification she will snap.
DR. Finney is an excellent professor. She is beyond knowledgeable about the subject. If you do not believe me, search for her bio on the USC website. Don't let her qualifications intimidate you. She is more than willing to help any students. she uses class activities and real world scenarios to help students better understand the material.
Dr. Finney had a teaching style than I'm not used to, but I really appreciated. Instead of just ppt slides, we learned the theories/concepts through interactive class exercises & "book clubs" (reading in a circle). Very fair grader &flexible. Knowledgable, funny. Refers to assigned articles mostly vs. the book. I plan on taking another class w/her.
My regular professor had Finney teach our class once. Finney had the most uninteresting and low-energy personality I've ever experienced in a teacher. I wanted to offer her caffeine! I asked one of her students how she grades, and she said "kind of hard". I am glad I experienced this so that I do not sign up for any of her classes in the future!
Great professor! She is hilarious and makes class interesting!
1779491	Sara	Schwartz	6
Great professor.  Review material that will be covered on exams. Will review drafts. Provide great feedback and offer one on one weekly tutoring. 
SOWK 562 is a difficult class, Professor Schwartz explained things very carefully and took the time to teach us all the key concepts necessary for the exams. Though this class is demanding she is extremely understandable and explains each assignment in detail. I would take her for another statistics class, she is awesome and knowledgeable.
This class is HARD! Prof Schwartz made it a lot easier for me with the way she explained things. She's extremely accommodating, and always will to help. She won't make the class easy (just due to the material being so hard), but she'll do anything she can to help you understand the material. Be prepared to WORK in this class!!!
It has been quite awhile since I took my Bachelor level stats classes. Schwartz was exceptional in her ability to help bring it back. She was willing to put out as much effort as the student by meeting one on one, study sessions, etc. USC keeps it graduate level tests equal to the land based students, and we were given ample time to prepare.
I would highly recommend Dr. Schwartz she is truly dedicated and has a sincere desire to ensure students understand Research. She is very realistic and understands Research is not an easy or interesting subject to all. She is more than willing to meet with you and available to meet with students more than once. She is patient and goes the extra mi
Most helpful teacher.  Highly recommend her to any student.  She understands that research is a hard class and is willing to meet with students to explain information.  Has study groups before exams and gives out helpful pointers in the study groups.
1854973	Laura	Gale	6
LOVED THIS PROFESSOR, TOOK HER TWICE. SHE MAKES POLICY ENJOYABLE. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER. SHE IS NOT AN EASY A BUT IF YOU SHOW UP, PARTICIPATE, WORK HARD, AND ASK FOR CLARITY WHEN NECESSARY, YOU'LL DO GREAT.
Took Professor Gale for SOWK 534, and she was fantastic. Provides a great deal of feedback and makes sure you understand a concept before moving on to the next one. I wish she would have provided more feedback as to why points were lost, but she did point out what she thought was strong in your assignment. 
Professor Gale is awesome. Very engaging in lectures and definitely is clear with what she expects from her students.
Professor Gale made policy interesting and relevant to current events and issues.  She grades fairly and encourages participation in class.
Professor Gale is a laid back professor who manages to make policy fun if not interesting. Very accommodating and supportive.
This professor is very accommodating and supportive. She makes policy interesting and really engages students. I can't think of anything remotely negative about Professor Gale.
1910428	Deidre	Norville	6
Professor Norville is great! I really enjoyed her class She is a tough grader and has high expectations of her students. Fortunately she is available for assistance; all you have to do is ask. 
She is a great professor; definitely knows her stuff!! You MUST work with your group, you MUST participate, and she grades tough, so give ALL your efforts on the papers!!  But if you ask she WILL HELP YOU! Go to her office or email her, let her talk and she'll give you exactly what you need to get a good grade!! I loved her class, but not policy!!
I loved Instructor Norville. She is very passionate about her job and how she teaches students. Getting an A in her class takes work and participation. 
Amazing professor!! Instructor Norville is very clear and her feedback really helps you get the most out of your learning. She grades fair, but is tough. I enjoyed her class and am going to take her for next semester 535.
Excellent Professor Overall
VERY helpful visuals and interactive discussions. Maintains classroom professionally. You are required to actively participate in order earn your participation grade; it can appear competitive against peers during lecture.  She actively encourages group work and networking - Love this. Email/Wall response if not timely, added stress & frustration.
1417230	James	Thing	6
Excellent teacher, he will push you to whatever he feels your limit is- so don't let him think you're too smart! Lol awesome teacher though, take him, he will inspire you!
Make sure you understand the readings. He can be intimidating at times because he is very knowledgeable and expects his students to put in effort and think outside of the box. He is also a very kind and understanding professor. He is willing to work with you if you have to miss class, have a late assignment, etc., which is relieving!
Professor Thing really enjoys what he teaches. He expects you to read a lot and do a lot of work. He gives you the option to do a research paper or JEP. Do JEP! It's an easy grade and counts for 40% of your grade. TAs do most of the grading. A lot of work for an intro class but I definitely learned a lot. Good teacher but mediocre class.
Thoroughly enjoyed Prof Thing's class. Funny guy able to teach otherwise mundane material in an interesting way. I looked forward to his class! Opted for a take home final when we asked him. Midterm relatively easy if you go to class and do the reading. Final paper was a little challenging. Very cool guy! I def recommend him.
Professor Thing is a great teacher. He really loves sociology and it's not a very hard class.
Midterm, final, participation and JEP or 16+ research paper. Do JEP! Not only does he strongly recommend it, but he warned he'd grade the paper hard. jep paper only had to be 5 pages. Prof. thing is pretty funny, engaging & encouraging. Sometimes goes off in tangents but its cool. Class was pretty easy and enjoyable overall. Pretty easy grader.
1815960	Gayle	Fiedler-Vierma	6
Pretty good for a language requirement. She doesn't make you do insane amounts of work and most of the work that you do (save the Blackboard assignments) are really useful to improve your Spanish. She's very quirky.
Profesora Vierma is fabulous! She is understanding, patient and always energetic. For those struggle with Spanish, she is the perfect professor!
Really clear, helpful, and down to earth woman. She has a witty sense of humor that keeps the class up-beat, & covers contemporary issues or material of political and cultural importance, which I really enjoyed. If you come to her for help, she will extend deadlines. In class, she will provide you with vocab when writing essays.  Take her class!
Spring 2013 for 220. Go to class prepared, do the homework on blackboard, pay attention. She favors students who do their work, which seems only fair to me. Sadly lots of people just don't care. I think they take it pass/fail. Squirrely sense of humor. If you expect to get her quirky jokes, you better have more than a pulse.
Great teacher, always felt prepared. If you talk in class you will really improve. She is understanding as long as you're reasonable. You can definitely get an A if you have a basic understanding of the language. Would take class with her again!
Cannot believe this woman. Had to drop out. Very crude and cruel person. There are some great Spanish teachers here. This isn't one. Lots of work. Lots of attitude. No soul. Stay away!
1649688	Ivette	Gomez	6
DO NOT TAKE HER CLASSES. Her inability to be consistent with what she says she expects and what she actually expects is astounding.  She constantly talks about the learning process, yet is so highly prescriptive in what she expects. She arbitrarily takes points off of assignments, and forces to students rely on extra credit to do well. 
Very nice and helpful professor. Wants students to learn, understand and speak.  Uses her hands to speak so that students can interpret what she is saying. Doing well on exams and participation in class will guarantee a pass. Lovely professor; sucks that she does not fit my schedule for Spanish 3.
She is nice. She is not very helpful and in every paper prompt says "your OWN ORIGINAL ideas are most important" yet when you write about that she comes back with 'this isn't what we talked about in class.' Memorize anything she says and you'll be okay. Homework is long and boring and she gives specific quizzes. and she talks too fast.
I did not learn much from her! She speaks too fast and does not realize when students can't understand her. Unlike most spanish classes, in essays, she wants students to just rewrite her opinions without thinking analytically on their own. Very harsh grader. Not at all helpful if you ask her for suggestions. I did not learn ANY spanish from her.
LOVE this professor. She was so sweet and extremely helpful. She wanted everyone to do well on her tests and is very lenient when you have a good argument regarding her quizzes, etc.
She is SUCH a nice teacher, she is so sweet she calls on you alot but it you show up to Class it is not hard at all if you take it Pass Fail and you show up to class and participate she will automatically Pass you seriously she doesnt make you do the blackboard assignments until the end of the year, and she actually gets to know her students!
385776	Kelly	Ward	6
Kelly is AMAZING! He has experience in performing, writing, and directing (he directs the spring musical yearly). Kelly will help you to find your niche and offers great audition tips. The expreience of auditioning each other for the midterm allows students to understand what it feels like to sit behind the table (it can be hard!) Kelly is a great source to go to when looking for an appropriate song (he knows lots of them). He is very opinionated, but is open to others opinions if they can prove themselves.
Great teacher!  Gives great feedback and works on making you feel comfortable in an audition.  An essential class for those with an interest in musical theatre.
Kelly is the greatest teacher ever.  He changes his methods based on the needs of the individual and makes everyone feel they belong.
His musical theater audition class was one of the best courses I took at USC. An absolute essential for anyone interested in theater, as a career or for fun. Great for those who could use advice on voice, movement, attitude, or dress for auditions.
musical thtr audition is the best class you'll ever take... kelly's awesome... so helpful, so honest... its tons of fun for those who like to sing as well... and dont worry about being embarrased... its a very friendly atmosphere
Good teacher.  Wish he would have made students sing audition songs with only 16 bars (like a real audition).  Enjoyed this class.  Each class is essential.  Good feedback given by teacher.
437388	Stephanie	Shroyer	6
She is one of the best professors at USC. So enthusiastic about directing and crazy creative. She excepts you to respect the craft and work hard. Very friendly and approachable if you're taking the class seriously. A must take.
She is a HUGE reason why USC's acting program is fantastic. She has an eye for everything, she is immeasurably passionate about her work and her student. Take her class if you can, and audition for any shows she directs!
The most gifted professor in USC's School of Theater. Talented, elegant, warm and friendly. A true genius. And gorgeous to boot!
I worked with Steph on more than one show.  She is the most incredible being.  She is an angel, and talent just spews out of her pores.  She is so open and inviting and selfless.  She inspires me to learn more, and I inspire to be like her.  She really is perfection in an artist.
Stephanie has been able to teach me a specificity that I have not been able to learn anywhere else.  She is so extremely intuitive that sometimes you have no IDEA what is going on inside her head, but you know that its good.  There were some concepts that I had a hard time grasping, and at times it would stress HER out more that I couldn't see thin
Really great teacher. Very precise, detailed, intuitive.
1612316	Meiling	Cheng	6
Meiling is easily one of the top professors I've met in my 4 years at USC. She constantly challenges you to push your intellectual boundaries and is very infectious with her passion for theater and performance. She is also very personable and genuinely cares about her students. Her class is not to be missed.
Professor Cheng is a complete Cloud Cuckoolander, but is a really kind person. I never felt like I knew what I was doing in the class (no real guidelines and she rambles/digresses a LOT in lecture), which made me feel like I wasn't learning much. But if you show a genuine interest in the material, she will do her best to help you out.
I really loved Professor Cheng's "Performing Identities" class. As an artist, it really helped me understand how I could better tailor my work to incorporate my brand of feminism while speaking to a larger audience. This class was both practical and extremely insightful. I loved it.
I enjoyed this class very much. Meiling is so passionate about the plays and truly encourages her students to delve further into the critical thinking process. Her excitement and care for the students inspires her students to attempt to read the plays with as much excitement and to keep pushing the boundaries of thought.
She's very nice, but rambles to an incredible degree. I'm not sure I learned very much, despite discussing these plays to death.
Amazing, brillant teacher who teachesyu how to think outside the box, one of the best teachers and classes!!
1748643	William	Gunn	6
I doubt he'll ever teach this class again because the regular teacher of this class came back. to USC! Too nice, too easy, learned nothing, didn't make you think, got an A by doing very little...
Billy is such a sweet guy, but he is extremely easy. I learned nothing. I know of many students who skipped every class and still got a good grade. He reads straight from a slideshow which he later posts on blackboard, and he gave us the exact final to study beforehand. His class would be more effective if it were a small discussion class.
Billy's a really nice guy, funny.Had him for Russian and he's a very good speaker,he really knows his stuff, including interesting word history.He is not a native speaker but he has been speaking for awhile.If you don't really engage yourself you won't learn much but can pass.However if you're willing to participate you'll learn a lot.
Got a good heart, but TOO nice, afraid of student's opinions of him, trying hard to be liked. No one took class seriously: ridiculously easy. Uninteresting subject matter. Read plays throughout, 3 papers, 1 group scene project (which was fun) and a prepared final exam. Easy to do well but very disappointing class. HARDLY LEARNED ANYTHING!
Billy is a super nice guy but isn't an incredibly effective professor. He's passionate in his own right but his timidness and need for approval outweigh that. But I think he has potential. Pretty easy class.
Very easy but also timid. New at teaching I think. Very nice and loves to hear from students during class. Three papers. One final. And a discussion section. That;s it. Pretty easy.
741804	Mariko	Dawson Zare	6
Mariko is great! She's a great teacher, she keeps the lecture super short and free-form, and she grades pretty fairly. She's very flexible about the assignments and due dates, so if for any reason you feel you need more time, she'll generally give you an extension. Super laid back and funny!
Love Mariko! Great at bouncing around ideas and helping form arguments. Very smart and helps with expressing ideas. Also super nice.
Not a very helpful teacher. Was not good at answering questions and her comments on essays did not help at all. I did get better at writing essays in a short amount of time, but my writing itself did not improve with her.
Every idea or question I had was either discouraged or answered in a confusing, condescending manner. I neither felt encouraged nor helped by this course/instructor. Prompts are contrived and almost impossible to answer - there were at least twenty questions every cycle about what the prompt was actually asking in the first place. Ridiculous.
She is very approachable, and will help you as much as she can. She doesn't grade easily though, so don't expect to fly by.
No Comments
920092	Kathleen	Berens	6
Kathi is one of my favorite professors. She is very intelligent, and sweet. Her class and readings are super interesting. The class is half virtual which is really nice. Projects are fair and interactive. 
Kathi is a brilliant woman with so much to share about communication in the digital age. She works hard to engage her students, but it's only effective if you're genuinely interested in the topic. Half of the class is conducted virtually, which is fun and convenient. We also built blogs in class, which was very practical.
One of the toughest teachers you will ever enjoy. She challenges, motivates, inspires, and provides an interesting learning environment. No midterms or finals, just a few papers to write and a few books to read. Overall, her class was fascinating, informative, and engaging. I would definitely recommend her course.
Excellent Teacher! Worlds better from my 140 teacher.
She was amazing! My fav. prof at USC. She was super helpful, and encouraged all of the students to actually care about what they write. Every student was engaged in the class and improved their skills. She also really cared about our personal lives and seemed to want us all to succeed.
Demands a lot from students but is quick to help those in need. Sets aside office hours to guide students through the longer papers. Also splits up the assignments so there are a couple papers not one giant one due at the end
1459396	Norah Emily	Ashe	6
Dr. Ashe is very invested in her students and wants you to do well. If you go to office hours and take advantage of her as a resource you will do well in the class and ultimately become a better writer. WRIT340 is time intensive so Dr. Ashe is reasonable with giving extensions. Don't try C, Try wo office hoursB, Try WITH office hoursA.
The worst professor I have had at USC. She is not clear about what she wants. If you go to her office hours she will tell you what you should change on your paper, but then after you turn it in there will be a bunch of new errors that she never mentioned during her office hours. Does not give helpful feedback and is a harsh grader. Avoid.
One of the best professors I've had at USC! She really wants you to learn, is understanding about your homework load, and is very clear. Attendance is mandatory. Office hours are helpful. I would definitely recommend taking her class!
She's very easy to work with and there are one-on-one conferences to go over your paper before they're due. She's very clear about what she wants and I would recommend her. I can easily say she made me a better writer.
She's a great professor and knows a lot about professional writing. Keep in mind that it is writ340 and that it is a time consuming, writing intensive class. But I'm happy to have taken the class with her over other professors, and have recommended her section to friends. Very nice professor and lectures are fairly relaxed.
BIG MISTAKE.....I WILL SAY RUN!!!! WAST OF TIME AND RESOURCE. THE WOREST PROFESSOR I EVER HAD....
1527757	Yvonne	Puig	6
She is though when comes to grade, but she explains really good what she wants in the essay. Get ready to get a c+ in your first essay. If you work really hard and ask her for help, she will do it. Great professor.
Makes class interesting and is really nice. She will help you a lot if you are prepared for class. She is a fair, but not an easy grader. Would take class with her again, best teacher I've had in terms of actually caring and teaching personally in a college setting
I'm a science major so writing is not my expertise. However, yvonne is extremely helpful and really is there to help you learn and improve your skills
She really cares about her students and how much they learn. She could be more specific at times to help build better writing technique. Hard class to get an A in
She's really helpful. She grades fairly and on occasion she brings us treats when the class improves on their essays.
she's fair. thogh she's not funny, she's serious and nice. I thought she was reasonable in her grading. i'm satisfied. (prob cuz i like writing) i'd take her again. She's not THAT hard/mean. again, fair and reasonable.
1689660	David	Tomkins	6
He was great and gave great feedback. He made Writing 150 more bearable and his the topics we wrote about were actually interesting. Highly recommend if you want a helpful writing teacher. 
He kind of sucks. He is really hard and thinks he is the smartest and best thing out there. Very conceited. I would be careful taking his class, though he is clear and and straightforward he expects a lot and is one of the teachers that thinks his class is the only class you have to do work for. 
This guys is the best English teacher in USC and in the United States. He is clear, articulate, concise and very wise.His lectures are not only interesting but also very fun.He engages the whole class room and has a very special personality.He is approachable as well as humble and nice.Take him, and you're lucky if you get the class.
Professor Tomkins is WONDERFUL! WRIT 340 is a required class at USC and he makes it not only bearable, but enjoyable as well. Tomkins utilizes blog postings on blackboard as well as the typical essay structure to engage students and he is a lot of fun in class. If you can, try to get into his WRIT 140 and 340 class!
Great professor - truly made me a better writer. He's a tough grader, but all his criticisms/suggestions for improvements are valid and designed to help you. Take advantage of office hours! He's incredibly clear and will help you structure and write your papers. I started with a C+ on the first paper but worked my way up to an A in the course.
I am currently taking him. His grading scale is brutal. According to the syllabus, 98% = A-! He is harsh grader. You would think maybe he gives out a lot of As that's why 98% is A-, but nope!The average for the first paper we have done so far was B-
1850842	Leah	Pate	6
Leah is really sweet but will definitely make you work for a good grade. I have never gotten grades as low as I have in this class & at first it felt subjective but by the end I realized my writing improved a lot. She offers a ton of extra office hours and really wants you to succeed so  definitely try to utilize her feedback as much as possible. 
Leah is really sweet and very helpful which you are definitely gonna need in this class. Because she grades everything on her own in this class the more feedback you get from her the better you know where your grade is headed. She is the key to a good grade. That being said, the writing program for this class is VERY labor intensive, good luck
Pate is wonderful. She is a hard grader but all 140 classes are hard. She's very helpful and nice; she does tons of extra office hours and always responds fast on email. You can tell she wants you to do well. Plus, she's funny and has a very good teaching style - my writing definitely improved. Everyone in my class loved her.
absolutely horrible. grades way too hard. she is always late and unorganized. seems nice to is actually very mean. don't take this class if u want a good grade and good experience.
I actually really like her. At first I was a little intimidated, but she turned out to be very helpful and nice. I'm an international and architecture student, so English is already difficult for me to write in and arch occupies most of my time. She was quiet understanding and willing to help. I learned a lot in this class.
Really ridiculous teacher. Half of the class withdrew. Seemed like a nice person in the beginning, but actually very mean,  irresponsible and confusing.
1836791	Vincent	Cervantes	5
good professor!
Not going to lie, he's SERIOUS about writing! BUT he's the best Spanish teacher I've ever had. I took Spanish in high school, but none of my teacher's compared to Profe Cervantes. He's funny, makes Spanish easy to use. He gave us assignments that made us go into LA and use Spanish with native speakers. So legit! And he brings good Mexican food!
Literally the worst teacher ever. Doesn't explain anything. All you do is get assigned homework and then go over it in class. He doesn't teach anything and expects you to learn from the book. Everything we do in class is not helpful for the test. Writing composition is worth 50% of your grade on the test and he grades it extremely hard.
Profe Cervantes is a hard grader! But is very helpful. The class is taught ONLY in Spanish, but he makes everyone feel comfortable and encourages students to talk. He's young, so he makes the class fun and he jokes with students (in Spanish of course).
Profe Cervantes is a lot fun! He makes learning Spanish interesting. Be warned that the course is taught ONLY in Spanish, be he makes students feel comfortable. He's strict about homework and a hard grader, but it's worth it.
1690327	Robert	Riley	5
Very nice and very straightforward!
In this class, make sure your right and left hemispheres of your brain works cause your constantly balancing two sets of numbers.Good teacher!
Genuinely nice professor. Former partner at EY so Riley knows his stuff, but he's never stuffy about his accomplishments. He was understanding when I needed to miss a quiz due to a planned trip and gave me a make-up the next week. Exams aren't too bad. He uses Blackboard so you're never in the dark re. your grades. Highly recommend.
He is a very nice professor and he cares a lot about his students success. A former Partner at Ernst and Young and he knows exactly what they want in the Accounting world. Has a ton of great connections so if your passionate about ACCT he will help you get to where you want to go. PS accounting isnt easy and its a dry subject so he does his best!
Do Not Take!!!! I wish someone had told me before...! His grading makes no sense what so ever. I went from a D(failing every test) to an A by going to his office hours and kissing ass...He acts nice at first dont fall for it DROP IF U CAN especially if you dont have time for kiss-assing dont take him! YOU NEED THE BOOK TO STUDY YOURSELF
1902105	David	Erkens	5
A terrible professor, flies over his presentation during lectures promising "nothing new or what you haven't seen" type of exams and then the average turns out to be mid 60 because he pulls his exams (ALL CASE STUDY) out of thin air. 1 midterm 30%, 1 final 50%, 4 5% online quizzes (unlimited attempts allowed) grading scheme. Avoid him if possible!!
He cares for his students and he is always available for office hours, but he not very good at actually teaching the material. He speeds through the slides and reads them off the screen. The class is very difficult.
Terrible teacher that just whizzes through his power-points. Is always available for office hours but doesn't really explain stuff. He posts everything online so you don't have to go to class but you get a half grade bump if you participate a lot.  Do ALL the practice problems and you'll do fine.
Tough class. Two tests essentially comprise your grade. The slides aren't that informative so it is imperative to go to office hours. Erkens is a very nice man and adept at explaining the subject, but in lecture he goes pretty quickly.
Decent professor/hard class. But he does his best to help you out and is a pretty nice person. The exam averages are in the 50s. Overall not too bad, but be ready to work hard and put in time because the class goes really fast since it only lasts for 1/2 a semester.
1675024	Javon	Johnson	5
Talented spoken word poet; horrible teacher. Coming from a straight A student, he is rude, does not value your opinions, and is obsessed with himself. His class structure is extremely disorganized and his class exercises are not beneficial to helping your performances. I highly recommend that you do not take him. I took his Comm 302 class at SFSU
This professor tends to let his opinions be known but also encourages discussion. Lectures were funny and interesting but sometimes kind of useless. Class stuff kind of unorganized. If you get an easy TA then you can get by without reading any of the 4 books assigned. Easy GE if you get the right TA.
I like the films we watched in class. The lecture is not that interesting, and your grade depends on your TA.
Javon is really interesting, but be warned that if you take this class, all you're going to hear are his political opinions. If you try and argue, he shoots down your arguments and doesn't let you disagree.
Great guy with a passion to teach. Classes are enjoyable, and he does a good job at teaching the material in a memorable way.
315188	Joan	Weibel-Orlando	5
great prof!
I must disagree with the previous comments. Prof. Weibel is a lovely person, who cares very much for her students and course materials. It was clear that she had to adjust her teaching style to accomodate a large GE course, where few of the sstudents were ANTH majors, but she managed to make the class engaging for all. Besides, the course was easy.
No Comments
The most awful prof ever.  Unclear, inconsistent, tests have nothing to do with anything except trivia, doesn't care about students, BORING.  Don't do it to yourself, it's not worth it.
Worthless teacher, gave anthro seniors misleading or flat-out wrong information, also a terrible advisor.  Needs to retire!!
974855	Christopher	Boehm	5
He doesn't believe in tests, and all the research papers are less than 5 pages. It was easy to zone out in class and do other homework, but attendance is mandatory (you are only allowed to miss two). If you bother to do the work, you should get a decent grade.
Great professor. He loves to tell stories, answer questions, and tell you more about Anthropology. He's  doesn't believe in tests, only research (essays). TAs are so-so. One of them seems nice and the other one is extremely detail-oriented. Films are interesting on the whole. Turn in homework each lecture as attendance; you get 2 freebies.
Boehm really knows his stuff, and has great stories to tell about all of the places he has worked in.  He made me extremely interested in anthro.  The TAs weren't great, but the class is easy and interesting.
Nice guy and definitely knew a lot about the field.
Professor Boehm is a good teacher, he definitely knows what he is talking about.  The class itself is pretty boring, although there are no tests and only three terms papers.  You watch a film every week which range from interesting to boring.  The T.A.s ruin this class though.  They do not know the material and their grading scale is flawed.
1330910	Sadie	Moore	5
Sadie Moore is the worst TA I have ever had at USC. She is an extremely hard grader for no apparent reason. She favors the completely stupid football players in my section over the students who were actually smart. Very pretentious. Although I received 100% on all of the tests in this class (graded by the prof) Sadie decided to give me a C+.
never have i hated a TA so much during my time at USC. she is rude, stupid, and just plain awful. she has no idea what she is talking about and repeats phrases constantly that she thinks &quot;sound smart&quot;. what an idiot. this class is easy but she sucks so badly that i would recommend avoiding it at all costs.
worst TA i could imagine. doesnt help with anything & discussions make no sense because she literally speaks nonsense with her stupidity. hard grader & only likes you if you participate in her pointless conversation. i almost cried of joy to never see her again in all seriousness so DO NOT take her section whatever you do
She was TA for Gary Seaman, she doesn't like to talk BS in class but she doesnt grade papers very hard
Pretentious, condescending, all-knowing, &quot;just got my doctorate&quot; attitude. She grades papers like shes an English professor so watch out. I would NEVER recommend taking one of her classes. She was rude to one of our in-class speakers so imagine how she treats her students...Student beware.
1952835	Jason	Webb	5
It is his first year in USC and Professor Webb is probably one of the best professors I will ever have in USC. He is knowledgeable of  the topic and extremely approachable. We would sometimes divert from course materials and engage in very captivating conversations about cultural differences. Quizzes are easy essays are harder but doable.
His speed of speaking is approporiate for everyone to take notes. Films are good and lectures are overall interesting. Readings are heavy for a freshman and sometimes TAs make quizzes difficult or confusing.  
Learned a lot! Professor Webb's class is great with lots of class discussions. Some of the readings were longer than others. But he is very reasonable, relatable, and understanding. The discussions were always interesting and fun. I always enjoyed going to his class.
Great professor. Bit more reading but seriously not much and many texts are easy reads. Very easy-going, and really cares about students. Never be afraid to ask a question or make an argument. 
Professor Webb is very passionate and knowledgeable about his field. The reading can get very heavy, but still manageable (even for engineering majors). I am extremely introverted but was still comfortable with participating in class discussions. Reasonable grader, especially on midterm. Quizzes are easy if you read the material. Interesting class!
1051825	Joshua	Holo	5
No real hw, just reading. highly intelligent, has high expectations for students' reasoning skills & logic & scares everyone with them, but each quiz was easy, & he graded easily on the final paper (no exam). Diff to follow his train of thought in class, but if you're good with logic & like learning, do it! took pressure off making the grade
Really boring most of the time. Everyone crammed/did not do the readings before class. He cancels class a good amount because of Jewish holidays, which was a bonus. The best part of it was the online midterm/final.
I took his Biblical Protagonists class and didn't know what to think of him at first but I grew to love the guy. He's pretty comical in his own way. The online midterm and final were really easy if you read. And he doesn't grade the papers hard. He makes you write like in high school though and says no &quot;to-be&quot; verbs. But still, take this class!
He's an interesting guy. Pretty down-to-earth, understanding, somewhat lenient about not reading. He'll get pissed if no one in the class reads though. He can get really really boring sometimes though.
Professor Holo is an incredible teacher. He is immensely interested in his subject and loves talking about it! I took his class for Biblical Protagonists for an Ancient Lens and everything for it is online. This makes the class MUCH easier. If you don't like attending class, don't take this professor's class. Attendance if mandatory!
1307871	Sarah	Benor	5
took Language, Race and Identity in US. im not a great writer but did well in the class. she cares more about content. all the essays are very easy and class is interesting and sometimes discuss controversial topics. i actually enjoyed participating. Also she is easily reachible by email. highly suggest.
Professor Benor is awesome.  Interesting class with not much work and 3 straightforward papers and a take home exam.  I HIGHLY recommend taking this class.
This class is super super easy as long as you participate every day (if you are shy, I would not recommend it)! The essays are not hard at all, you really just have to sit down for an hour and make yourself write them. The material covered is actually very interesting and Benor is an excellent and easygoing professor. Bonus: the final is take home.
Very clearly outlined expectations. Helpful for the 3 papers if you go into office hours. Definitely do the reading and participate. It is interesting anyway. Class participation is a huge deal. Good prof/class overall. Take it!
Interesting class. If you work hard and are clear you should get an A. Lots of discussion. Be prepared to spend a lot of $ on books because you have like 11 (all short passages). She expects you to go to class and participate.
1450342	Michelle	Gordon	5
Good and interesting class. Big on attendance and participation, grades somewhat easy, very nice.
She's great! She's highly passionate about what she's teaching and encourages class discussion. There is a lot of reading sometimes, but she does alternate between readings and movies so you have time to catch up. Great GE, plus she's a lenient grader.
Great GE5! You have 2 essays and a midterm and final. She is a great teacher and is willing to meet with students outside office hours (do this for essays! it's really helpful). A lot of reading - try to stay on top, otherwise its hard to participate in class.
She is amazing - cares so much about her students. Very strict on attendance and the need to participate in class. If you work hard, she will help you improve your writing skills, and socio-cultural analysis skills. She is very understanding and very mindful of our busy schedules. Intensive reading class (50-100 pages each class) and pop quizzes.
She's super nice and understanding. Lectures are interesting. Definitely take her class because she actually cares about the class and her students!
1450539	Sheila	Briggs	5
walked in with some interest in topic. Most boring person I've ever met. She rambles on and on about stuff not related to course. Muddled and hard to get a clear idea of what she is talking about. All the adderal in the world couldnt keep you awake through her lectures
Loved her class, she's a great professor and really cares about her students. Holds great and fascinating discussions.
She rambles, goes on tangents, talks the whole time about random stuff not on the syllabus. Everything's muddled together, hard to get clear picture of subject she teaches. Assigned a few big projects, was hard to get a straight answer from her on questions, didn't learn a thing, altho I love the subject & wanted to. Every1 ditched as much as poss
She rambles, and seems to go on tangents, and then expects students to participate and contribute to a discussion on themes we haven't learned. Although I did all the readings for this class, wrote exceptional essays for the final, and met with her frequently to make sure I was understanding the randomness, I still got an A-. I don't recommend her
Fun Class Funny Professor
1517766	Gloria	Orenstein	5
Gloria is such a sweet lady and so passionate about the subject. She just mostly retells stories from her life and you watch old-school VHS documentaries. She doesn't take attendance and there is one midterm paper and a video final. If you put a little effort in she will give you an A.
Easiest professor ever; however, sitting through her &quot;lectures&quot; is quite literally painfully boring. She either reads from a book for the whole 50 minutes of class or plays dvds. No discussion or participation required, you just have to sit there like a potted plant. Notes, not necessary and impossible to take (too boring). Wikipedia = A paper.
Super easy class.  Take notes on what she says and you'll do fine on the midterm and final paper.  There's also a movie project that goes along with the final paper which is kind of annoying but not too bad.  She's cool and doesn't give much work.  Easy A if you try at all.
Gloria is extremely passionate about what she teaches. Her lectures often times steered in to talks about feminism but they were all the more interesting. She tells lots of stories but they are all interesting and she always finds a fun way to relate it to the lecture. She is a fun professor and grades very easily.
The most boring, weird lectures on feminism. The class is listening to her stories and watching ancient VHS's. Take notes on what she tells you too and the midterm and final are a piece of cake.
1710668	William	Feuer	5
The worst class I've had at USC.  Very unorganized and had favorites.  His grading is questionable too.
Professor Feuer is great.  His class is engaging from start to finish.  The longest paper is approximately 2500 words.  He lets you revise 2/4 papers and gives you an extension on one.  I would take him for sure-- great guy.
Feuer is very funny and very nice. Helps you learn a lot, but at a cost: he has no hesitation to humiliate you in front of the class for saying something he doesn't think is a good idea. So choose your words wisely and don't try to BS anything. His assignments are interesting and difficult. He doesnt give you much freedom over what to write though.
Dr. Feuer is such a great professor. He's extremely helpful, very clear, communicative, and approachable. He is, by no means, an easy A, but his assignments are interesting. I would wholeheartedly recommend him.
Took L.A. Noir. Really chill guy. You'll read around 7 or more literature books, just be aware of that. He gives quizzes the day of each reading, fairly easy points if you do the reading, hard as hell if you don't (I tried both). At first the readings are like hell and come as a shock, but once you get used to it the readings are super interesting.
1827754	Devin	Griffiths	5
I took the "Shocking Knowledge" class with Professor Griffiths to satisfy a GE requirement. We read anywhere from 100-400 pages a week, but I thought it was well worth it. The topics were really interesting and Professor Griffiths is extremely knowledgable and invested in the theme of the class and the readings. 
Seems like others had a good time? My class was like a graveyard-no one talked/discussed.  I did not like how it was structured and there were obvious favorites. Pretty much dreaded every single class. Office hours were confusing because he would tell me one thing and then grade my paper another way. Lots of dense reading and pop quizzes.
Griff-show is the greatest. I've never met a professor so brilliantly skilled at making a class about Victorian England both relevant, interesting and challenging at the same time. You're going to learn to read (READ: not skim) in this class, or the pop quizzes will end you. He sets the bar high, so if you're not into that, don't bother.
Brilliant guy with seriously intriguing insights. Sometimes he's a little too smart--he does get ahead of the students sometimes. The class had a fascinating theme and he was good about tying everything together. Essay grading isn't too bad, BUT he has frequent pop quizzes that will hurt you in a big way unless you do the reading.
(Shocking Knowledge) This is the BEST CLASS I have ever taken at USC. Griffiths is also the BEST PROFESSOR I have had at USC thus far. He makes the material really interesting. He is very passionate about what he is teaching. He makes going to class fun. Very interesting material covered in the class.  This professor and class is a must take!!!
1853311	Hani	Khafipour	5
Professor Khafipour is one of my favorite at USC. The reading materials are actually super interesting, and most of them are easy to follow. There is no reading quiz at all. He is also a very nice grader and focus on your ideas instead of being very picky about grammar and style. 
Absolutely one of my fav classes at USC! Fair amount of reading for a literature class. Professor had a good sense of humor. He is understanding, charming and has a passion about what he teaches. The material is fascinating, totally changed my view of Persian literature. Don't feel intimidated by lengthy course title, it's a great class! Recommend!
Lots of reading, but otherwise the class is not that hard. It is sometimes hard to understand when the professor says Persian names because he uses the proper pronunciation.
Really easy GE. I was very skeptical at first but it actually was a fairly interesting class. There was a good amount of reading but there were never any quizzes. There were a few projects and one essay, and that was about it. A nice and approachable professor that is ready to listen.
Khafipour's really passionate about his teaching which is great. There's quite a bit of reading, but it's all very interesting. There are weekly reflections and a final paper, but no quizzes. Fun class! Definitely recommended.
1742864	Karla	Heidelberg	5
LOVED her. such a good teacher, made everything really simple and was very available during office hours and would always get back to me via email if I didn't understand sometime. Highly suggest this couple if they're an option.
Great Professor. Made me like Biology.
She's awesome! She knows what she's talking about, and all the information is on the slides. It's a lot to remember for the midterm, but she really cares about the students and wants you to understand the material. Don't just leave after the clicker questions though. She hates that!
Out of 3 professors I had this semester for 120, Prof. Heidelberg was definitely the best. Very helpful and sweet. She's very clear during lecture and her powerpoints are fairly detailed. Only heads up I have is that she makes a lot of typos, so be careful in studying. When in doubt, google!
Sweet, helpful teacher, lectures very quickly but she tells you what you need to know for tests. Best of the three MWF lecturers. Uses clicker.
1357665	Neal	Sullivan	5
By far the most boring teacher who expected us to learn on our own through the textbook.
Worst BISC120 teacher thus far. He had too many slides on his powerpoints that he presented in lecture, but never finished any of them due to long tangents that were irrelevant to what was being learned. He was not clear as to what would be on the test, making studying extremely difficult.

There is a reason it is notoriously called the &quot;trudge through protists&quot;, however if he had attempted to make the material more relevant and given any direction for the exam,it would have been more manageable. I kept up with readings,went to all lectures and SI's and studied for 6-15 hrs/ day for 2 wks before and still felt unprepared for the exam
awful teacher. would go on tangents about his antarctic explorations and then assign 400 pages of reading for the exam saying that &quot;any of it was fair game.&quot; sure enough, none of it was on the exam and i memorized every phylum of protists for nothing. thanks dr. sullivan!
378781		Bridges	5
My favorite professor at USC. Takes his class if you can, you won't regret it
Great teacher!!Funny and interesting
He is the best to ask about real life situations...
If you get a chance to take Bridges...DO! He is one of my favorite professors from USC's business school.
No Comments
916889	Alexandra	Michel	5
My review is for Prof. Michel, NOT for 304. Her lectures are irrelevant to anything that you learn for the actual course (exams, homework etc.), but THANK GOD because they are so much more useful! Prof. Michel uses her vast experience (Wharton, Goldman Sachs, McKinsey etc.) to guide you through creating a resume, nailing an interview, and more!
You will learn from watching video lectures and memorizing the book. Not from Michel. She is very excellent and interesting though so I would recommend her. A lot of real world knowledge though totally irrelevant lectures to the tests. So don't focus on her lectures at all for studying.
Very interesting teacher. material she talks about usually not on test, but very useful in real life. has a very interesting accent, which makes class more fun.
No Comments
The worst professor ever.  Tons of work and reading with no real payoff.  I got my best quiz scores when I didn't do the required reading.  Definitely plays favorites, kiss-up if you want a better grade.  I wish I could get a full refund for this class, it was complete waste of time for everyone.
1391098	Joshua	Newell	5
This teacher was EASY. I got an A even though I rarely went to class. Go to every lab, study a little, and you will do fine.
This class isn't that hard if you study and he's a pretty nice guy. Lots of reading and no use of the textbook
first midterm i didn't study for at all and failed. He said it was too hard but at the same time I didn't do anything to prepare. Have to go to labs even though they are stupid. Final I studied for and it wasn't too bad, but it was very repetitive and a lot of terms seemed like they had the exact same definitions
Take another environmental class. stay away from this guy
I had him for sustainability science and society. He had little knowledge about what he was teaching and basically read off his power points (which were terribly unclear and random). The first midterm was ridiculously hard for a ge. The labs were useless and attendance is required. Bad class. Bad teacher. I would never recommend this class.
1433606	Bert	Steece	5
This class is awful!! You will not be able to stay awake and you will learn nothing from this prof. Take anyone else. He doesn't know what he's doing and he's useless even in his office hours. He answers questions incorrectly. It will actually hurt you to take this class. I got an A but it was stressful due to lack of structure.
Not engaging at all, doesn't teach the material, tests aren't related to what you &quot;learn&quot; in class, and overall a waste of a semester. Take another teacher.
He should retire, seriously. He's not interested in helping out students in terms of changing Finals date, and does not make appearance on midterm dates so there is no way to ask questions when exam questions are really vague. If you're willing to attend every single lecture, you might want to go with this professor, but it is really hard to focus 
Very nice guy. . .horrible teacher. He doesn't teach any of the material he tests you on. I was really interested in learning about statistics, but I think I know less abouts stats than when I walked in, seeing I had to teach it all to myself. Do yourself a favor and take Ansari or some other actual teacher.
i had to transfer out the 3rd week because he was literally the worst teacher i've ever had in my 13 years of schooling. he seems like a really really nice guy, but i could like stay awake in that class for the life of me. i really really tried to too.
1495802	Jolanta	Aritz	5
Cool case studies; makes writing relevant to the workplace. if you like group work, take it. lots of group discussion.
Worst Writing professor!! Most people in her class get a B so if you value your GPA, DONT TAKE HER!!!!
Going to be honest- I took the Business WRIT 340 for an A, so if you are too then don't take this class. She curves to a B and most of the class gets that. We didn't ever really learn or do anything in class. I wish I'd taken social sciences, my roommate got an A and learned more.
The class is very chill. Fun ELC activities and very little homework. The 3 quizzes are retarded(tricky in a stupid way). The presentations are simple enough but it is very hard for her to give you an A. I was a state champion public speaker/debater in HS and all I mustered was an A-. Still, I recommend this class because it's so light on work
This class isn't that bad, she is very specific that she curves class to a B and that unless you're really an all-star, then you won't get more than a B.  Three quizzes per semester on book chapters that are 50 multiple choice, pretty hard.  No Final. You have a bunch of individusl speeches and a group speech that are graded very hard so PRACTICE!
1517642	Murat	Bayiz	5
He's pretty good at explaining concepts. He's a real professional since he has consulting experience in project managment. He's a teacher who likes to have fun in the classroom but he also teaches you valuable things! I'd take him. He likes to give answer to tests away during reviews and lets you have a cheat sheet on tests. He's nice - take!
Great professor. Genuinely cares about his students. Very easy grader as long as you go to class and participate once in a while.
I've taken 2 classes (Buad 311 & Iom 482) with Bayiz now. He is legitimately my favorite professor at USC. I look forward to his classes because he is so cheerful & engaging. He really listens to his students & is always available to help. Take a class with him!
Easiliy the BEST Operations Management teacher in the business school.  My friends were crying in their other 311 classes, but coming to Bayiz's class wasn't bad at all!  He actually cares about how the students are doing and really tries to make the material interesting.  I don't think he's teaching 311 this fall, but if take him next spring!
This man is awesome. I looked forward to coming to class because he made it so enjoyable. Took students who got A's on midterm out for lunch. Told funny anecdotes about himself and genuinely wanted to connect with the class. Gave great help in office hours. Take this professor.
1665951	Ann	Majchrzak	5
The professor here:  DSO431 is a different class than IOM431.  IOM431 is no longer being offered.  The requirements for DSO431 are quite different and no longer involve portfolios, lots of homework, and the subjective grading that the students have complained about.  So the only rating that counts here in this list should be for DSO431
The professor is clearly under-rated. Her lectures are fairly interesting, and the materials covered in class are pretty intriguing as well. The only part that I do not agree with is her test format. On her midterms, you have to know the specific details on the cases to get an A. To me, I am never a big fan of memorization. 
I regret taking this class so much! I'm not sayig the information is completely useless but she developed the concepts on her own and changes her teaching all the time. I don't think she realizes. She asks for 3 portfolios of hw, and in the syllubus she gives one kind of direction, and she will tell you she wants something more later confusin class
Super subjective. Have to come to classes or you will get bad participation grade. Get on her good side and you will receive exceptional treatment. So many readings and homework due nearly every class. She always assumes everyone is really enthusiastic for her class.
Professor requires attendance and participation, hw due nearly every class, final is group project. Grading is kind of inconsistent. Class has interesting subjects to learn about (SAP, Salesforce). Would not recommend.
1691545	Mick	Swartz	5
Took Swartz for Financial Derivatives.  Willing to explain anything you don't get at first, answers questions in great detail, always available during office hours.  Although the tests were hard, it was really easy to get an A.  To the other people saying that he didn't teach well, thanks for not going to office hours and lowering the curve.
This was the worst professor I have had at usc. He is terrible at lecturing and absolutely useless.  If you want to stay interested in finance, stay away from this professor. Get ready to teach yourself everything.
worst professor I have ever met.  barely use the textbook. He does not  have his own slides. All are from someone else. He is always not talking to the point.
If you go into the class without taking micro-economics in high school, you will basically learn everything through self-study. Not a hard class, but he's useless as a professor--reads everything straight from book, goes on tangents, and gives the midterm/final straight off his practice questions, which barely go into depth.
This class is super awesome!!!! Prof. Swarz is such a smart guy and really knows what he is talking about on any subject you ask. His use of metaphors and relating real world examples made this class amazing. I learned so much about the real world way beyond the scope of the text book which you should read to get an A. Not that hard if you try
1692574	Sun	Wen	5
Wen is super nice and always willing to stop and re-explain anything. Lectures are super boring though, but Wen will literally help you out during the test if you ask him a question and he almost essentially gave us the answers to the project we had to do. Class is kind of tough, but Wen is ready to help! Accent is strong, but you get used to it.
One of the nicest professors at USC. If you ever have trouble, you can go to his office and he will be glad to help. As far as lectures, it is extremely boring and his accent is really strong. Exams are pretty hard but you will do well if you do a lot of practice problems.
He's okay, thank god I took AP Stats, never needed to go to class at all, midterms are easy and HW is basically an  A if you did it. 2 midterms, 1 final, some easy hw grade, and a group project.
I have F.O.B. parents with thick accents but I still didn't catch half the things this guy said. He goes much too fast but he does give a lot of personal help during office hours. Extremely understanding person who tries really hard to help if you ask. Definitely not the best teacher at SC but a great person if you need help. He's too smart for us.
Absolutely horrible teacher. I couldn't understand a word he was saying because his accent is so thick, and if anyone had questions (which was a very frequent occurrence) he had literally no ability to answer them. He talks all class and moves way too fast, couldn't be harder to follow or better at putting you to sleep. Avoid at all costs
1809707	Wen	Sun	5
He's a real nice guy. But as a professor, he just does not get the job done.
Wen Sun is an extremely helpful professor and he explains his concepts very well. His practice mid terms are very similar to his actual mid terms
Awful. No other way to describe it.
One of the nicer teachers I have had at USC. Rarely attended class, but power points were helpful. Can understand why people had trouble understanding in class. He would go out of his way to help when he could
He is a terrible teacher and can barely explain anything in english. He teaches as though everyone already knows the material. Whenever anyone asked him a question he would not directly answer it, and sometimes he contradicted himself leaving people more confused. Office hours were always packed with students. Avoid if possible.
1267436	Chi	Mak	5
I had Dr. Mak for Molecular Biochemistry the first year it was offered.  He has a fantastic attitude.  The exams could be brutal, and you absolutely must understand every iota of material.  Still, Dr. Mak is exceptionally helpful and one of the best professors I have had at USC.  His lectures are worth attending and he adds humor to a dry subject.
Dr. Mak is a fantastic professor who honestly cares about you understanding the material. Biochem is a hard subject so you need to put in the time. However, Dr. Mak has your success in mind if you put in the effort (unlike some other USC science profs!) He will LOVE you if you ask questions that show you are thinking critically about the material. 
For a GE class it was kind of hard. The lectures and material was very interesting but the tests didn't always reflect what was covered in lecture, but he drops your lowest test score.
great professor. cares a lot about his students. exams are not the easiest (not based on rote memorization but rather tests your understanding/problem solving of the material.)
A great teacher who was easy to understand and open to questions.
1529891	Christelle	Bovet	5
I can't understand her. Class is so boring. No interest at all.
so helpful so nice!
Professor Bovet is really helpful during her office hours. she has a french accent but that doesn't affect understanding at all, it is rather kind of enjoyable. of course many reading materials for this class but they are interesting. the grade depends on TA!
Christelle is a very enthusiastic, helpful & nice professor. It is a lot of reading but reading is fun & history 101 classes are mostly reading. She has a rather sweet accent, which makes listening to her not boring..:D
Best ancient history professor ever !! :)
1148747	Sarah	Banet-Weiser	5
Professor Banet-Wesier is a goddess. She's funny, spirited, in touch with the culture she's critiquing, and is super accessible to students. I think the class could be more challenging, but it definitely serves as a great introduction to feminist media criticism. I recommend it regularly to all my friends.
One of the best professors I've ever had at USC. She's brilliant and very easy to understand. She makes class so fun and has the best pop culture references. Amazing class. Take it!
Pretty straight forward course. Class consists of four essays which are graded by the TA. Prof. Banet-Weiser is pretty down to earth and tries her best to make sometimes difficult readings easy to understand and relevant.
Awesome teacher. Humor and class discussion keep things interesting!
You will definitely not regret taking this class, Professor Banet-Weiser is funny and intelligent and always does her best to explain even the most intimidating of materials (for example we saw a cartoon on Marx's communist manifesto). You'll see a lot of youtube clips both for learning and for fun. Comm in culture is best class I have taken yet.
1224491	Theodore	Albiniak	5
Originally had no interest in politics, Teddy made the class entertaining and educational. One of the best classes I've taken at USC and it was because of Teddy.
Teddy is one of my FAVORITE teachers at SC - he keeps class interesting and makes sure we are in the know of current events while fine-tuning argumentation skills. Highly recommended!
love him! highly recommend
Teddy is a great teacher who really cares about his students and the material he teaches. He talked about current events and then debate format and structure for the rest of the class. He is a really chill and fun guy who is super smart and very willing to help you if you want help on your debates.
Best class ever. Teddy is a young, really funny guy and his class is very interesting. He's laid back and seems more like one of the students than anything. Talks a lot about politics but don't get turned off, you'll actually start to pay attention and enjoy it after you take his class. Would recommend to anyone and everyone.
1548308	Dorine	Lawrence-Hughes	5
She's a great woman and very kind but extremely disorganized. You also have to buy a textbook that you will never use hardly for the class. She is a strict grader on the speeches which I certainly wasn't expecting.. didn't learn a whole lot in this class.
Dorine was amazing! I was really nervous to take public speaking but she made it a fun, comfortable and joyous experience! Highly recommend! I'm going to miss her and my fellow classmates dearly!
Dorine is amazing. Definitely take from her if you have the option. There is some public speaking/speeches/debates in this class but Dorine makes you feel comfortable and prepared. Definitely recommend her for this course or 204.
One of the best teachers at USC, maybe the best. You have to go to class but she honestly makes it fun. She is so nice and funny! TAKE DORINE!
Dorine is AMAZING! The class is small, so you kind of have to be there. but honestly our class had so much fun together we all looked forward to coming in. Dorine is the best
1583664	Gordon	Stables	5
Stables is one of the most brilliant and kind professors in Annenberg. He is the perfect prof for 322 Argumentation & Advocacy as he is the school speech & debate coach. His tests for this class and other classes are questions straight off the study guide, so as long as you know the study guide exams are stress-free.
Extremely smart professor, interesting lecturer, although he often talks too fast.  Overall not a bad course for the large lecture format, though I would like to take a smaller class with him in the future.
Interesting class. Stables is a great professor! Really kind and a fair grader. Utilizes lots of technology in the class that makes all of the work convenient! I have to admit, I wasn't too excited to take the class, but I ended up enjoying it a lot.
Really nice, caring professor. Lectures/powerpoints are somewhat incomprehensible until you review your notes/the readings and makes sense of the content yourself. Exams are graded hard, while papers are graded extremely easy.
Since this is one of the COMM methods, you have to choose between this course and 2 others. Professor Stables was a great professor but it was just hard paying attention since his slides didn't help at all. They were simply bullet points and when reviewing, it would have nothing to do with the text. Reading is important. Go to reviews and class.
1712720	Dmitri	Williams	5
This was a master's level course.  Williams was one of the best professors I've ever had. He is incredibly intelligent, knows his stuff, and has a very dry sense of humor that I enjoyed tremendously.
I took his upper division video games class. I LOVED IT. We did not play games all the time. It was a very interesting class because we learned a lot about the business aspect of the gaming industry. If you want to be babied, take another professor. If you actually want to learn something interesting be prepared to actually engage in the class.
Boring is the first word that comes to mind. I was really looking forward from learning information that would be applicable to my career and life but was disappointed in the class. I had a hard time paying attention as the class was so dry and the power points were useless. My TA was wonderful though and is the reason i did so well in the class.
Very knowledgeable about the material - he knows what he's talking about. However, the tests are impossible. Cumulative final, no study guide, no word bank, no multiple choice = you must memorize everything, from lectures to readings. Even if you know the material, it is hard to ace the test with minute details on them...
First semester William taught this class. Lots of readings that are avail. on Blackboard. Multiple assignments, 2 exams, & 1 term paper. No study guides for exams & goes off on tangents. I don't know if he will continue teaching since the professor has changed. No coverage of readings so you must do them on your own. Does 1 recap lecture for exams.
1829094	Neetu	Khanna	5
Professor Khanna is one of those hip and extremely intelligent young professors. She truly cares about the issues she teaches + her student's understanding of them. You will learn so much from this beautiful and brilliant woman! I urge everyone to take her classes if you're looking to grow intellectually. She is not a particularly difficult grader.
Khanna is great! She taught Politics and the Novel, and nearly every book she assigned was fascinating. We had to write 2 short papers, weekly reading assignments, 1 midterm, and a 10-page final paper. Sounds like a lot but it was manageable, and she's not a difficult grader. She's also extremely helpful in office hours. Definitely recommend her!
Got stuck with this class a my GE, but ended up enjoying it. There's a lot of reading and most books don't have online summaries.  Your grade is mainly based on simple reading quizzes and 2 papers, which are graded fairly and are open ended.  Bonus: the final is a take home paper.  If you read the books you will do well in this class.
I wasn't expecting to enjoy this class but ended up finding it really interesting. There is a lot of reading but it's interesting. If you keep up with the readings and participate in class you will do well.
Cool prof. I didn't expect Modern South Asian Literature to be fun, but it was. I somehow turned out knowing more about postmodernism than the cinema kids. Lots of reading, but mostly good books. Not too stressful.
203714	Ming-Deh	Huang	5
Algorithms
very clear explanations, good problems, standard exams
Amazing Prof and amazing course!
This is not easy class but the professor is good. If you don't understand something just see him during office hours and he will explain everything. After taking this course my interest to cryptography has been increased. And the material I've learned has helped me in other classes.
Lectures are vague and often disorganized. Brief moments of clarity but for the large part drifts through topics without properly explaining how they work or how they are used. Trails off, mumbles, and can't make a point to save his life.
220272	Clifford	Newman	5
Principle Designer of Kerberos Protocol. Crystal Clear in his lectures. Not for complete beginners though. Assumes some basic understanding of security.!! Everyone should study atleast once under him.!
Good Professor, but let's people ask far too many silly questions. He is not very approachable and changing grades  after you get your final paper score is very difficult.
Good Professor, but let's people ask far too many silly questions. He is not very approachable and changing grades  after you get your final paper score is very difficult.
No Comments
No Comments
1307919	Scott	Easley	5
Easley is a great teacher. In Pipelines, you learn how to make low-poly models for games. The work isn't easy, but the grading is easy. Oftentimes you'll be harder on yourself than he will be.
Scott is practically one of the nicest instructors you will meet. He is passionate about his work, the class is absolutely fun and interesting, and if you spend an adequate amount to your work you will do just fine. This was one class I couldn't want to go to.
He cares a lot about the students-fun guy. He likes what he does (or acts like it). Understandable/sympathetic to students with no previous experience but that put in effort. Communication issues with TA. Very late grading. What u learn is easy to forget if ur not continuously creating models-PDFs with step by step How-Dos would be really helpful.
Scott Easley is easily one of the best professors at USC. He's gives great advice on how to improve your 3D models without being condescending at all, and you learn something useful every time he talks. He also cares a lot about his students and encourages us to model things that matter to us to increase our interest in Maya.
Not really your typical class.  It's hands on from beginning to end.  Scott's funny.  If you want to do well, make sure he knows who you are, and just make good models (he might use you for cool side projects).  If you make something mechanical, put wear and grease in the joints. TRUST ME. He loves that.
1792592	Jernej	Barbic	5
Professor Barbic's class didn't disappoint. Everything he lectures about is extremely relevant for tests and assignments. I've also been to most of his office hours since he was available often and he gave me tons of guidance when I ran into trouble. He is, by far, my favorite professor at USC and I recommend him to all my CS classmates. 
Your grade is almost completely dependent on your extra credit on projects and possibly other factors. Somehow the highest grade on the final was a 83% when I got about a 55% with a 1 page cheat sheet that had exact copy and pasted answers to about 70% of the questions on the final from the slides.  Teacher refuses to show final.  Sketch.
Best professor ever met in USC CS department. He delivered wonderful lectures during the semester. In each class he could prioritize his points and present them in a very clear and unambiguous manner. Also he made many analogies to help us digest the difficult principles, ideas and concepts. Really Love this class :)
I usually don't give professors perfect ratings, but this guy deserves it! He really presents things in a clear and efficient way. The projects are way cool and they have just the right amount of challenge.
One of the best professors I had in USC. He is really passionate and enthusiastic about the subject and is clearly seen from his style of teaching. The concepts are well explained and you can do well in the course if you attend his lectures. This is a course where you can enjoy learning :)
1693852	Miranda	Garrison	5
Literally the most amazing and inspiring teacher you will have in your dance career. for THTR 385 as well
Her class reawakened the romantic day-dream side of myself. She is an absolute inspiration and a joy to learn from. I adore her, and this class is absolutely phenomenal. It's a class that everyone needs in their lives. It will relieve any stress you could possibly have :)
Seriously an incredible teacher who will make sure you understand the fundamentals of dance.  Or else.  but seriuosly she is incredible.
I keep coming back to this class even though I took it a year ago. More people need to take this. It's a skill that you'll use forever, unlike whatever else you're studying, haha. She is the most fun teacher in the world, will inspire you to be yourself and have a great time learning some exciting dances
Miranda is such an inspiration. She is very helpful and will make sure you know how to dance well - with proper frame, technique, and class.
1222930	Yun-Ju	Chen	5
Very good professor. Takes the time to ensure students are learning.  As long as you do the work, you'll get a good grade.
This class was really not what I had hoped for. Don't recommend taking this class for an easy A, because it won't be easy at all. C/NC would be a better option.  If you really need a 2-unit course for elective units and a gpa boost, take some PE courses instead.
Chooses favorites. Good lecturer, but tough grader.  Not recommended.
Pretty difficult for a 2-unit class.  If you're looking to fit in 2 units and want and easy A, look elsewhere.
One hot teacher!
445442	Michael	Magill	5
I was not a big fun of Professor Magill when I took the class. It was my first class and I couldn't understand a lot of it. The accent made it even harder for me to understand him. But after working a few years and trying to do some research, I got a chance to review the notes of Prof Magill. I was deep moved by his attitude, spirit and knowledge! 
Very clear - writes every word on the board.  Uses his own notes, not textbook.  Weekly problem sets, sometimes long.  Exams are variable but reasonable.
name dropped a lot. acted like Kenneth Arrow, a theorist and Nobel laureate, picnicked with him every Sunday. didn't hesitate to say in class that, compared to University of Paris students, USC students were less &quot;resourceful&quot;
This guy to me is great.  I hated Microeconomics, but after the course, I felt like I could take a field in micro.  Awesome!!
The course is based on Magill's book on Financial Markets. I asked questions about his material, which I didn't quite understand. Instead of taking his time to explain, he appeared offended that I couldn't easily grasp his Theory of Incomplete Markets.
445447	Donald	Yett	5
He comes across as a grumpy old man and he can be perceived as downright mean for some of the more sensitive students. But overall, I did learn a lot from him about economics. The tests are extremely hard, but there are ways to get around it (i.e. studying up on empirical facts and answering those questions first before moving on to the problems).
This was the worst class ever.  there were only 4 of us...i don't think anyone stayed in it.  the counselor at the econ dept told me he was the worst in the dept... she signed me up for it...  she's gone now, too bad he's not!
I dropped the class after 3 weeks.  I could barely understand anything that was going on.  There were only 4 of us in the class, and only one of us stayed in it.  It was like Economics of Healthcare, but so absolutely confusing that I had to get out.
He made a ****/eurocentrist remark in class! He referred to the US and Western Europe as the 'civilized world,' when describing an economic empirical regularity. Jerk.
He made the class sign an agreement of some sort on the 1st day; I still don't understand what for. He was in a nasty mood for the whole semester and snapped at some of us quite often. But all his tests were MC, so I think he was fair on that account.
1332754	Guofu	Tan	5
I only went to class on the first day and on test days, really easy.  My advice is to get go to the TA's office hours or at least make sure he knows who you are, he's the 1 that does all the grading. 1 weekly short answer assignment (all answers in the book/slides), 1 midterm, 1 final (both in class essay and he gives you the questions before).
Ridiculously easy class. Average grade is 90% on midterm. Professor is slow and clear, but too slow to be interesting. Recommend for students who want an easy elective
The professor is very patient and helpful. He is willing to discuss with the students, while giving them a lot of freedom to think and learn. Also, he knows how to cultivate their interests in economics. After this course, I even want to choose IO as my future study area. However, you should work very hard to meet the requirements of this course.
Ridiculously easy.  There's 1 midterm and a couple of hw assignments, but they weren't that bad. What sucked about the class was that the curve can ruin your grade. I had an A going into and out of the final, but the prof told me the curve pushed me down to a B+ as my final grade.
He's smart!
1332755	Simon	Wilkie	5
Dr. Wilkie is so cool!!!!! I have learned a lot in this class. Exams are not really hard. This class is more about listening and thinking about some socio-economic issues rather than memorizing and studying at home. Class topics included: Game Theory, Gerrymandering, Top 1% income, Welfare, etc.  Attendance and reading are not mandatory!
Very knowledgeable about his subject area and can make dry theory interesting through real-world experiences, unlike other professors. I've become much more interested in economics after taking his class. Very funny, jolly, and the tests aren't too bad if you go to lecture
Simon is the man. He really loves economics, and is a very accomplished economist. Simon is really funny, and makes class an enjoyable experience.
Truly loves economics, and cares about how much his students are involved in the material. Grades  don't necessarily concern him, his midterms are very fair and he gave a take home final for this semester to make it easy for everyone. Simon Wilkie is a very impressive individual with an amiable crazy-professor vibe.
Really cool professor, he's more interested in trying to get people interested about what he's teaching than trying to give out a ton of work. No textbook required.
1494560	Giorgio	Coricelli	5
Class is mandatory, he is very hard to understand. I took this class thinking that he would be the teacher to go to if I wanted to learn economics well and I hoped that If i worked hard I would do okay in the class. This class was incredibly difficult and i had to work my ass off to get a B- and I even took Micro in High School. Wouldn't recommend
He ruined my grade at the end for some reason... inconsistent professor, do not recommend
He is a great professor and very knolegble man. Yes you can study at home directly from the book and still get an A, but it saves you so much time just to go to class and listen to him. Ask questions that are outside of the material, he will answer them, make your money worth.
Italian man. Adorable professor who is intrigued with game theory and neuroscience in relation to economics. He goes straight from the book, and the tests are based on the HW problems. Go to class, make him remember you, and take notes directly in the book to be set.
Very easy. Prof is Italian and has a thick accent. He teaches straight from the book - his slides are made by the textbook company. Thus all the graphs, examples, etc., are the same as in the textbook. Easier to read textbook than listen to him.  Tests are ridiculously easy. Take if you want an A and willing to study a little.
369514	Patrick	Dent	5
Professor Dent is super friendly and helpful to his students. He uses a site called Piazza  a lot where he posts announcements and checks often to answer any questions students may have. I took the class PNP as a stress-free elective, but to be honest I probably could have gotten away with an A with minimal effort.
Professor Dent is so nice and makes things really simple and clear for students. He posts recordings of all lectures to the class webpage and lab attendance is optional. Not a blow-off class though but that's not a problem anyways since it's interesting and useful. Take this class if you're interested! Really great professor, highly recommended!
Excellent course! fun, interesting, easy A, and snacks for exams. He is very helpful, and explains concepts with crystal clarity. Go for it!
Dent is the best! The class is SO fun and he makes everything soooo clear. attendance is important to understand the stuff but lab attendance is optional! great 2 unit class
VERY good professor. Explains very clearly and makes the course very interesting. Especially great teacher for beginners. A MUST take
548504	Sandeep	Gupta	5
Class is very competitive. Tried the class last semester only Gupta was teaching it, but this semester he taught the class with Prof Pedram, together they give out twice as much work, so I'm not recomending to take the class when they do this. A lot of work, and  very hard to get an A.
wanna get a C.. almost half of his class got C
He has amazing sense of humour. Makes subject seem easy. Perfect articulation. I m in love with him
best professor at USC
i enjoyed his class
587333	Stanley	Yamashiro	5
Respiratory section was very boring and all type of problems were not discussed in the class.
He's a nice guy and is very willing to answer questions mid-lecture (and even mid-test). Unfortunately, he taught his lectures off of poorly organized word documents, which made lectures a bit of a struggle. Tests were relatively straightforward - be sure to get old tests or do the practices.
No Comments
No Comments
If you don't understand the concepts in his class, this professor really goes out of his way at office hour to make everything clear.  He is always ready to listen and help with a problem.  He deserves an A+.
649926	Gerald	Hintz	5
I already knew a large amount of orbital mechanics going into this course so it wasnt really a big deal for me. I do wish i hadnt wastes so much time going to the lectures as they dont seem very useful. Just read the notes afterwards or the text.
I was looking forward to this class and wish I would've gotten more out of it.  I don't need a professor to read a book practically verbatim to me during class...he should be paid to teach not read...
Subject matter was very interesting, just dry on the delivery.
I was so excited about his class, it turned out to be horrible. It was more of a computer programming class and vector calculus theory class than anything real and hands-on about orbital mechanics. This class put me in therapy. I would never take another class from this professor again.
Watching this class over the internet was so boring. After a few weeks I just stopped watching. Still got a B+.
1326927	Yann	Staelens	5
The projects were interesting and I developed useful skills
Pretty good at teaching 301, not as much at 204 (doesn't seem like he enjoys the material as much) but is a pretty nice guy if you don't piss him off.
Boring but very predictable. Grading was fair, and he was more than helpful during office hours.
Not a very good teacher. Extremely tough grader.
Never seen such auseless teacher before ! If you don't understand something or have aquestion he will make you feel like an idiot. He has no clue what he is doing.
1577035	Ted	Lee	5
I had Professor Lee for my engineering academy and he was awesome. Really engaging in lectures and very helpful with anything. He is also very friendly and has a sense of humor. Class is super easy and he will pass you as long as you aren't a super lazy person. I had him for an academy so I don't really know how he is in a real engineering class.
Amazing teacher, very nice and realistic expectations for the class. Funny, great examples, flexible to meet with. One of my favorite professors at USC.
Dr. Lee was a great teacher, he taught us an online class through the South Carolina Governer's School of Science and Mathematics.
Great Teacher.
Best professor I've had this year. He is really an interesting fellow-funny, kind, down to earth. He cracks jokes in class to lighten the mood but also gets a LOT of material in.  His first exam was alright but it just got harder after that. Hes one of those professors who are nice but expects you to do your work, which really pushes you. Loved him
1580681	Daniel	Erwin	5
Erwin is a fantastic teacher and even though sometimes his tangents are long-winded, looking at the recorded lectures online for specific concepts will clarify them, because he covers everything pretty well. He also doesn't just rush through curriculum for the sake of finishing the book. Finally, he outlines the test material  in good detail.
Likes to discuss math in great detail and then never uses it. There is a lack of examples and it is generally difficult to sit through lecture - most students work on other classes or don't show up at all.
Literally the worst professor. As a freshman, I was really excited about going into astro. After I took this class I switched majors immediately. He's boring, unclear, and his lecture topics are scattered and unorganized. The TA wasn't much help either. In fact, the TA would sometimes just make things even more confusing.
The class is extremely boring which is a shame because Astro Eng is my major.  Very hard to pay attention in class.
Somehow able to make rockets blasting off into space boring. He conveniently made all of his notes and lectures available online, but never really gave the class a direction as it seemed topics were randomly chosen. He's very understanding, though; I he let me turn in an assignment late due to a misunderstanding without penalty.
1764747	Mary	Eshaghian-Wilner	5
The class is easy, and you learn how to program the labs in assembly. At times the class does not seem very organized but the topics are scattered anyways. She is one of the nicest professors I have met at USC, and very understanding towards her students.
Take this course if you dont want to learn anything. THE WORST CLASS IVE EVER TAKEN AT USC.
Aside from the labs, the class was not that hard. She's an incredibly knowledgeable professor and truly cares about her students. But you really need to study from the course reader to fully understand the course and prepare for future ee courses. Her lectures alone will not cut it.
She tries to make herself readily available to students, but the actual lectures are absolutely awful. Incredibly confusing class notes, which are done in pen and become a scribbled mess by the end of class. Avoid at all costs -- not worth the bad grade for a 100 level class.
DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS. This class can kill your gpa. I was getting a good grade in the class until we switched teachers.  This is the only class I'm not getting an A in. Don't get me wrong shes a nice person, but she thinks everyone in the class is an EE major.  The grading system is more like flipping a coin rather than normal grading.
1939963	Pierson	Clair	5
I love how he tells stories from his real experiences! It can be a hard class if you don't pay attention and it was mostly hard for me because it was later in the evening. Pierson is a really cool guy and I really like taking his classes.   There isn't a textbook that exists for this material - so his lectures count as the textbook in my mind. 
I took Mac and Mobile, both good. Lots of war stories and good tangents. The material can sometimes be daunting but as long as you pay attention in class and ask the right questions, it is a breeze.  You can do most of the work in class during lab time.  Just stay on top of it and remember to submit all the labs as those are easy points. 
He runs this class like a business - my semester was rough, there were people in the class who probably shouldn't have been waived in which meant the class needed to cover basic stuff - not his fault, but sounds like the other review here was from someone in my class. If you pace yourself, the class is easy, if you wait until the last minute, pain
Good stories about life in the industry and how what is taught relates to what we do in class. If you can manage your time well you get an A. It's a 400 level class he doesn't spoon feed you - that's for sure! There's no textbook because they don't exist so you've got to pay attention to lecture.
Material was not organized, work balance was very uneven throughout the semester. Came out of the class knowing some basics and how to press buttons on some tools but not really how everything works.
1942872	Michael	Castle	5
Mike made a tough class fun to be in. 
Mike made a tough class fun to be in. I would take again.
Honestly best teacher I've taken for my major (Sophomore). He knows his material well. We used lecture materials and we didn't even use a book. His test are pretty much from his homework and labs. Find a good study partner, this will significantly help with your grade. Also form study groups with other students. That helps also.
Mike is a good guy. He will take as much time with you to help you learn the concepts as you need. Not a 5 easiness because EE in general is not easy but Mike makes it as clear as possible.
Good professor, very friendly and down to earth. Good lectures, fair tests. Worked on pace with Redekopp's class (same material). Explains every concept that you need to know. You'll need some initial EE background to keep on pace. His class was slightly challenging but you'll quickly adapt to his style. Made extra effort to meet outside of class
716673	Thomas	Wolfe	5
Aside from the fact that he took advantage of me being the only girl and underclassman in the class, he is a very intense professor.  And not in the good challenge type of way; rather, he was too strict, very critical, harsh, and unhelpful.  But I guess one positive thing is he really does know his material.
A brilliant guy, though his lectures are kind of intense. Full of insights and information. Kind of quirky and a tough grader, but I got a lot out of his class. The Emily Dickinson we did was at the beginning of the course was really good.
A brilliant guy, though his lectures are kind of intense.  Full of insights and information.  Kind of quirky and a tough grader, but I got a lot out of his class.  The Emily Dickinson we did was at the beginning of the course was really good.
Wolfe is a very interesting man with a flair for performance and a good sense of humor.  However, the material chosen was extremely dry, long, and dense.    Wolfe explains well what he wants from you and there's never any surprise from tests or essays (although he can be a tough grader).  Recommended if you need the class to meet a requirement.
No Comments
1056552	John	Rowe	5
responds to emails SUPER fast. exams are fine, 2 papers are okay. BUT A LOT OF READING. A LOT.
I took the Mark Twain 2 unit class. He's IN LOVE with the word "critique," and seems to forget that literature can do anything other than "critique" things. English majors stay away, you will get bored.
He only put books that he had written extensive reviews on into the syllabus, any opinions that weren't his were disregarded. Classes were spent listening to him ramble about historical background that wasn't relevant to class material: spent an entire class getting worked up about Nathaniel Hawthorne's omission of slavery from The Scarlet Letter.
lots of reading, but his passion for the subject matter keeps it interesting. VERY knowledgeable professor.
A really dumb ass class.  Involves a lot of reading and a 15 page term paper at the end.  The readings are pointless &quot;POST MODERN&quot; novels.  Do not take this class!!!!!
1788926	Kristen	Weiss	5
Epitomizes a genuine & nice person, cares about/works with students individually, but not overbearing which is perfect. Fascinated with what she's teaching, which conveys to students. Wish she taught the entirety of the ENST program with Lisa Collins. Class has 2 midterms, a final, & a long hw assignment everyone leaves to the end
Professor Weiss is both very knowledgeable and a great professor! She is very clear and nice and her lectures are worth going to.
Kristen is very caring and extremely friendly. If you put in the time and effort you can most definitely be successful in this class, as her lectures are good and her tests are fair.
Friendly and smart. This is an intro-level class, so nothing too challenging, but she does a good job of keeping it interesting and answers all questions.
Midterms and final are not very hard as long as you go over lecture slides (all posted online) and textbook. "Timeline" assignment is a big grade booster. Nice teacher, simple/clear in class. Class is not exciting, but you get the information you need, if you don't need further info class isn't necessary but sometimes you get participation points
437383	Helaine	Head	5
Head is one of those professors who push you HARD. I had her and didn't appreciate how tough she was until years later. Anyone with harsh criticisms her are just lazy and want a class to breeze through. This is a class that will make you GROW. Honestly one of the classes I remember most from college and hands down one of the most valuable!
She was very rude to students. She was late several times and did not pay attention when students presented. She was totally unprepared the first day of class, she did not know her schedule for the rest of the semester or deadlines. She just talked what ever came to her mind and did not have anything prepare. Overall it is was really bad.
Brilliant and very supportive if a bit acerbic - still very strong and passionate about story.
Helaine is great: really smart, hilarious, and no-nonsense. I have heard that she does have a temper, but have never seen it myself. In this class, at least, she was very fair and spot-on. A tough, but wonderful lady. Just don't annoy her with stupid questions, total lack of preparation, or bad attitude.
Ughh!  She's unclear and unhelpful.  She just makes you feel bad about the work you do.  She's a real downer.
508408	Corney	Cole	5
Corny is the best teacher in the world!
Corny rocks
No Comments
Corny is very very cool, easy going and nice.  Sometimes a little too nice to be a good figure drawing instructor, so if you expect hardcore improvement in your skills, you might need to look elsewhere.
He is brilliant.  If he wasn't so freaking humble about his work he would headline with all of the animation greats.  Go ahead and try to find someone out there who draws better than corey, if you can give up USC and go follow that guy.  P.S. Ask him about big Wave Surfing.
1330286	Aniko	Imre	5
Super smokin'--and just as smart as she is hot. I learned a lot in this class. It was required and I wasn't interested in theory, but she made it interesting and fun. I would definitely take her again if I had to take a crit studies class.
SMOKING HOT. Love the accent. Made critical studies interesting for me (usually not my thing because of being a production student), and I would take her again.
makes tv theory fun but the class is supposed to be tv history!!!
Awesome class but sometimes hard. And she's smokin'.
Great professor who clearly explains TV theory.
1747109	Kenneth	Ahern	5
Professor Ahern was great at explaining the material and really tried to get students to participate during lecture. He is clear and concise when explaining concepts and is patient when answering questions. He also reviewed all the materials before each exam and posted a practice exam. Definitely taking more finance classes after this class.
Super nice guy. Very clear and his teaching style is perfect! He's calm and wants to help you, gives you hw graded on effort and hw you learn from! His lectures are worth going to since he explains things and gives hints way beyond what the ppt says. He's a really kind teacher who tries and interacts and replies to studens! MUST, MUST TAKE!!!
He is definitely one of the best finance professor at USC!!! He teaches very very well, and is super genius. He is so passion and care about students. I will miss him so much after this semester. Highly recommended!
Very, very good professor. He makes difficult concepts easy to understand, and you can tell he genuinely wants you to learn the material. He is extremely approachable and patient, and will kindly explain anything further if you are having trouble. He is easily one of the best professors I've had at USC.
Really nice guy and he explains everything very well! Very helpful too. He wants you to understand things!
1046084	Haven	Lin-Kirk	5
Haven is by far the best teacher in the design Dept. If you do your work with passion and are really interested in design she will go out of her way to help you. if you have no natural talent or drive you will fall behind. She is truly an incredible resource going into the real world of design. 
Haven is one of the few teachers in the design department that I truly respect; she knows a lot about the design industry and is very talented. However, because she is so in-demand, I felt that she was easily distracted and didn't give us the attention her difficult projects necessitated. She grades hard but you'll learn a lot.
Haven is one of my favorite professors at USC. She truly cares about the success of her students and she always makes it a point to tell us about internship opportunities and designer presentations. She's really enthusiastic about the material and you can use a lot of her assignments for your portfolio. Every design major should take her class.

Challenging class. Big projects, short deadlines. Makes you want to pull your hair out. Nice professor. If the majority of the class asks for an extension, she will. Out of her own pocket she brings tools for small design/crafty things so students can have fun in class. Down time in some classes.
1506600	Lisa	Lapinski	5
with out a doubt the worst professor I have had in my entire life
She is the best!
Lisa is an amazing professor and human being! I started the class with zero interest in sculpture and ended up loving it! She's very conceptual and pushes you to explore outside your boundaries. Loved her class!!
Lisa is without a doubt the worst teacher I have ever had at USC.
3 sculptures the entire semester. Lisa isn't really strict, she just cares about how you decided on your project and  worked on it instead the actual finished piece. She really knows about sculpture and has a lot to say, but sometimes she doesn't make sense. There is no text book but you are responsible for buying your material for each project.
172483	Jennifer	Wolch	5
although the class is difficult you do learn a great deal about the city of angels.  If your interested in how cities are made and how they run, take the class.  lectures don't really help much, so just hope you have a great T.A. that explains things.
This professor was biased, politically narrow-minded (extreme leftist) and difficult to listen to. The class I took with her was about Los Angeles - and although it could have been interesting, she ruined it talking about how Mexicans are gods. Hah!
I'll spell it out L-I-B-E-R-A-L
Poor lecturer, often trips over her own words, does not know any of her students, arrogant and often dresses in random cultural apparel
No Comments
685865	David	Pepper	5
Teaches straight from the book - so much that if you only read the book and never attended class you would still ace this course. That might be the better way to go about it b/c his lectures are so boring and he confuses himself all the time. Real nice guy though.
Dr. Pepper says UMMM way too much that it's very difficult to follow what he says. Although he says his powerpoints are enough, get the book for much needed clarification. He gives out pop quizzes towards the end of each chapter lecture. The material isn't difficult to understand but the exams are worded weird/tricky. Old exams he posts are helpful
This class is all about printing out the power point slides, going to class and taking notes. Its pretty easy...he gives some practice tests on his website which helps with tests. The book is never used. The only thing I used it for was to get a better look at diagrams which were too hard to see on his slides when studying. The final is cumulative.
Pepper is a very friendly teacher, but he seems a little young and naive. He doesn't know how to run a large class. It is very disorganized. You have to go to all the labs, some of which can be completed in 5 minutes, others take a week or two. He also doesn't always seem clear on his own material, and confuses himself in the middle of lecture.
No Comments
1417988	Sondos	Islam	5
Horrible professor! The subject material is interesting, but all she does is read off the slides. Attendance is mandatory, and if it wasn't no one would show up to class because it's useless. Thought this class would be easier, but there's actually a lot of material to memorize.
Dr. islam is a nice professor. She was majoring in Microbio, so she is the  most knowledgable about Microbio topics. Lectures are interesting. Exams are multiple choice right from the Power Point slides. Easy A. Overall, I would recommend this professor.
Dr. Islam was a horrible teacher and a waste of my tuition money. She cancelled at least 3 full weeks of class, never came on test days, and when she did come, all she did was read word for word from her already bad slides. I taught myself all that I needed to know. This could be a good class, but not with her as the teacher.
Class is fairly easy -- just study your slides and you'll get an A. Fill in slides before class and you will never be &quot;on the spot.&quot; A small amount of her information is inaccurate, but it's taken straight from the book. Overall, one of my more interesting classes this semester. Oh, and I swear she channels Edna Mode sometimes.
annoying! puts people on the spot. some of her info is inaccurate.
1634430	Parvin	Shahlapour	5
She's honestly an embarrassment to USC faculty.
Horribly organized course. She is a terrible lecturer and communicator. Gets extremely defensive under any sort of criticism or suggestions. Doesn't ever answer your questions. Spend your time somewhere else.
She is one of the worst profs I've had at USC.Poorly organized and prepared for the class. She has troubled communication with students, but she does not have patient to solve her problem.Not recommended.
She needs to learn how to speak English. She also never comes prepared to class (you can tell she's reading off slides for the first time as she's presenting them). Honestly one of the worst profs I've had at USC. But the subject matter itself is really interesting. If you're doing this for the diversity requirement, do the other one (HP 420)!
she is really nice and does her best to make things easy and straightforward, but the language barrier is almost too much. she also tends to disseminate false information
1131368	Marjorie	Becker	5
She's an interesting professor. A little on the eccentric side, and she says &quot;umm&quot; a lot, but overall really knowledgeable. Unlike a lot of the other Arts and Letters classes, you only really have to read one book and a couple short stories which is a big plus. Class is mainly discussion, so as long as you casually read before class you'll be fine.
This class titled magical realism was pretty fun.  The reading assigned was really great.  She lectured a little bit and gave class discussion.  She was really cute and weird, but knew a lot.  The class had few in class writing assignments, but was mostly discussion.  She assigned 2 papers and one take home final.  I recommend it.
She's a little crazy, but that makes it fun...she loves &quot;creativity&quot;. If you do the reading (which is not bad) and participate at least a little bit, she'll like you and therefore give you a good grade as long as you write decently.
nah, she's not that bad, she's just too much into her own world, that's it. she's like an old cat lady or something. that makes it difficult to follow in class, difficult to use this class for anything, but sometimes she says just the right thing to make it worthwhile for my script research. she's odd. grades&#63; unpredictable. she's gotta like you.
History is her excuse to talk about herself and her life. Mexico is her excuse to show that she understands minorities. She assigned her book and punished people who didn't like it. You have to constantly say she's good. It was the worst class ever. It's very difficult to understand what she says, unless you already know her.
949056	Gerardo	Munck	5
Prof. is very knowledgable on subject matter and is definitely passionate about it. It's not hard to get a decent grade in this class, but is difficult to get an A because of all the quizzes and he's not the easiest grader on essays. Midterm and final are both essays, so unless you really know the material, you can't BS your way to an A. Nice prof!
Professor Munck is very kind.  I always felt like giving him a hug.  His class was interesting, well organized, and his exams were based on the lectures.  The PowerPoint’s were very helpful to prepare for exams.  If you have a chance to take the class you won’t be disappointed.
I'm very interested in Latin American politics, and Professor Munck definitely knows his stuff. That said, the lectures were incredibly boring to the point where I consistently skipped class to read our textbook because that was more productive.
Professor Munck explains the subject matter well. Quizzes and exams are straightforward and closely related to what is actually taught in class. Thus, attendance is not mandatory, but you may want to take good notes. Do required readings (so manageable). Then you will get a good grade for sure. If interested in Latin America, this class is a must.
Professor Munck is nice, he knows what he's talking about. His class structure is great. Quizzes after we learn each country. (this makes it easier to study for midterm-final time) No papers. He's very clear, lectures from his own head as if he's telling a story. Great class on Latin American democracy and politics
1389094	Kosal	Path	5
Great new professor at Brooklyn!! take him!! knows his subjects, interesting, helpful, not arrogant. Take his classes seriously!
One of the best teachers ever
make sure you form a study guide group to split up the questions.  mostly memorization.

expects students to do the readings every week with a discussion part of the class.  gives out a study guide before midterm/final with the exact questions.
829973	Julio	Moran	5
Absolutely love print writing but Moran made it SO boring it was painful. He attempts to teach the material but is incredibly uninspiring and very contradictory. Will give you a B on all of your first assignments. A stickler on AP style because he doesn't care about creativity at all. One of the worst teachers I have had at USC.
He teaches the basics of news writing, but he requires very dry, boring writing. Newspaper writing can be clear while also being captivating, he doesn't seem to understand that. He doesn't seem passionate about his job or journalism. He also views documentaries as being "propaganda"... he made me hate news writing.
Very easy going, but not a very good teacher. He wasn't able to explain what he wanted from his student's writing. I loved print and now I am considering moving over to broadcast because of this class. I suggest taking someone else because his ability to ignite passion and knowledge on the subject of news writing is lacking to say the least.
teaches the basics, but uninspiring
Great teacher
1357336	John	Arensmeyer	5
Very helpful, funny, nice professor. If you make an effort you will both learn German much better and make a good grade. Easy homework, straightforward tests, one oral presentation, several conversations where you go in and talk to him in German during office hours. Overall great class! Take him!
Really awesome guy, I'm doing bad in the class but only because I suck at German. Very helpful, homework every class but it's whatever.  Exams and essays but he edits your essay and passes it back so you can fix it before grading it.  He looks like Jigsaw from SAW but he's the nicest guy ever if you try.  Mandatory conversations, take this classtho
a great professor, a great man.  If you do the readings he assigns (which are not a lot) there is no reason why you won't get an A-.  Actually, I believe only 1 person got lower than a B- this term so he's pretty chill
Excellent teacher, engaging class, not too hard but will teach you German grammar, language, and some culture very well.  He is funny and entertaining but takes the material seriously at the same time.  Definitily recommend!
He's a pretty cool guy- I like the class and my German really improved. Good at explaining the language. Be prepared to speak regularly because he rotates around the class and makes you talk. Homework is easy and tests are fair. He is very formal though- refers to everyone by their last name!
1263595	Hagit	Borer	5
She is a careless teacher, each exam is filled with errors and the homework is incomprehensible. However, the subject is really easy and there is bare minimum work required. Class is a waste of time, the discussions are good to learn before the tests because there is no textbook and the slides are messy and repetitive. It's an easy GE.
This was the best class. She's very patient, and very helpful if you meet with her. If you're totally confused she helps you at your level. Her comments may sound a bit harsh, but she's always constructive. The better you are the higher her standards are, so if she's being tough, take it as a compliment. She's amazing at teaching at i+1.
Prof. Borer is excellent. I loved her class.
The worst class I have ever taken at USC. I partly the fault of the subject matter but mostly the class. The whole class is her lecturing in a monotone voice, wanted to fall asleep EVERY class. I am upset I wasted tuition on this class
Incompetent, confusing, unfair grader, boring - for this I paid $25,000 a semester&#63;
1710843	Hajime	Hoji	5
This is the best class I've ever taken. It is not that difficult. Gets harder as the class progresses. The tests are multiple choice. If you put in the time, the class can be very confusing. Certainly, the subject is unlike any other academic class taught at USC.Good class.
Lectures were confusing AND boring, but random pop quizzes kept students attending. Impossible to pay attention in class, felt like the same slides were in every powerpoint for weeks. The class was unnecessarily hard because Hoji is so hard to understand. Plus side: only 3 tests, 3 assignments, and no textbook. Still, avoid if possible.
Prof. Hoji means well but he does a terrible job at explaining any concept and ends up confusing students even more. Lectures are repetitive and boring. However, the class is still pretty easy.
I would not recommend this professor. In general, he can't answer questions that students ask him in class because he doesn't know the answers. The difficulty of the tests are inconsistent with the lectures. He also gets defensive when students question him. Although he is a very nice man, he is not the best teacher.
Professor Hoji is a very nice man, but I found the class to be very challenging. The hardest thing was understanding what he said in lecture (as opposed to the concepts). Often, his explanations would make the concept even more confusing. Discussion helped, but over all, I do not recommend this class as an easy Category IV GE.
566520	Michael	Kamins	5
I really enjoyed the class and the statistical tools used in Marketing.  I wasn't a big stats person, but hew made it fun and easy.
Not sure if there's actually anything to be taught in Marketing.  If so, he didn't do it.  He's an eBay expert though, if that floats your boat.  All in all, took his class, got an A, still not sure what it was even about.  Not a good thing.
This professor cares about his students, but unfortunately most of them care only about making a quick buck, getting a B and getting on with their life.
I admit that he didn't exactly challenge the class or make me feel like his class was time or money well spent. But, to his credit he did teach a couple of useful analysis techniques, and rather than wasting my time with useless marketing models, he wasted it with entertaining jokes.
Non sequitur much&#63;  I think I learned more about his son, wife, mother, and Honda than I did about Marketing.  Thanks for the laughs, but you're a professor, not Rodney Dangerfield.
1516380	Gary	Hankins	5
Testing: Midterm, Final, Presentation, Paper, Participation (Important) The Teacher:  Pretty nice guy and has been in sales along time The class:  Quite easy, helpful to overcome speaking fears and the learn about sales Overall: I would take if you want a easy class that will improve your sales skills.
The best class I have taken at USC. If you want to do anything in the sales world, you need to take this class. Professor Hankins teaches you everything you need to know about closing business. I recommend this class to everyone, no matter the major. Good communication skills are essential if you want to be successful.
This class is painful.  He spends too much time talking about the presentation and forces you go in front of the room so much to the point its irritating and irrelevant.  I'm fine speaking in front of people but this class is just an annoying competition for participating points.  I've learned nothing.
Easy to get an A but you have to go to class and participate. The whole semester you work on one presentation that you give to the class near the end. Easy midterm and final (mult choice and straight from his textbook). If you don't like speaking in class this one isn't for you. There's also one interview paper. I'd take the class again. Good prof.
Gary is a nice guy but doesn't really know how to teach very  well. You have to go to class and have to participate since it is worth about 30% of your grade. He does a lot of cold calling. 4 assignments, a presentation, paper, midterm, final each worth a lot. Not too hard to get an A in but hard part is getting over his vague expectations.
1670559	Sha	Yang	5
She's been in the industry for a while and she has a lot of connections. We had a few guest speakers, one of whom was the VP of Pandora and that was pretty dope. We didn't have any midterms and the final wasn't that bad. The lectures are kind of boring, but she's super nice and wants everyone to get something out of the class.
Honestly, Professor Yang is the nicest woman ever.  Class is decently easy.  She is just really a kind person and I enjoy her teaching style.  The class is a little boring, but since you have to take it, I'd recommend her.
She is very helpful and nice teacher. One of the nicest professors in USC. However, final is very hard compared to a midterm. If you want easy class, better take it with other professors.
hard final. the other marketing teachers are probably easier, but she has a great background. 3 masters, 1 PHD, and real life stories. recommend if you really want to learn. all from her powerpoints. low textbook use.
Very helpful and sweet lady, but it is clear she has not yet adapted to American culture. Her tests are basically off her lectures and they are pretty basic, a combo of multiple choice and essay. I found that it was pretty easy to get an A if you had a good relationship with her.
1724653	Matthew	Selove	5
This guy is great.  His lectures are really clear and concise.  He's super friendly and doesn't waste your time if he finishes lecturing before class time is up.  Easy assignments (a few case study write ups), lots of interactive in class group work, but the tests are a little specific due to the format and inclusion of specific percentages.  
He is a very nice person but I think the class used to be easier in the past so he decided to make a ridiculous format for the midterms (basically a ton of true or false questions). He uses old cases and does not seem like a successful businessperson to learn from. Overall great guy but does not lead particularly informative or valuable lectures.
Overall, great professor. Class was boring at times, but he did his best on trying to get people excited about the subject. There are only 2 exams(pretty easy) and a couple of case-study write-ups(only 1-2 pages per write-up). I highly recommend taking this professor!
Overall, great professor/class. Although class can be boring at times, he still tries at making it exciting and easy. Exams were simple(2 total). You do need to attend case-study lectures because they are on the exams(other than that, everything for class is on the powerpoints). He's very approachable for help as well. Highly recommended.
Really nice guy. Its clear that he puts a lot of effort into making every session interesting and useful. Class is fun, usually ends early, and isn't hard. Highly recommend this professor
20278	Robert	Penner	5
this guy should teach every math class offered on campus. you absolutely need to study, though.
Speaks very clear english, and really knows his stuff.  Seems to love what he does, and is really helpful.  I wish I could have taken every math class with him.
He is perhaps one of the best teachers I have ever had. He helps you with everything and answers any questions you might have.
No Comments
His exams are kinda hard, but his a very very good teacher
1051880	Nikolaos	Zygouras	5
He has a very strong accent which is hard to catch up during class most of the time. I lost interests after the first few class sessions to the subject matter. I gained a better grade through attending SI sessions in the second half of the semester. His teaching performance is marginal and I suggest going to the TA sessions if possible.
he is not a native speaker and his teaching is difficult to understand. he now lets you use formula sheets, but you won't learn the stuff with him. you have to teach yourself or go to SI. he finishes before the other stats teachers because he skips some stuff on the final. go to SI and study.
Worst professor ever. He's useless and he's mean. Don't ever take his class.
Very tough class. He was a bit hard to understand at times - pay attention! don't tune him out! He moves fast, but with enough coffee, you can do it. Take good notes, and don't miss lecture. Get a study group together early. The TA did problems that were very similar to the homeworks. This material is fundamental to EE, so pay attention!
Horrible--incapable of explaining concepts, was actually better off just reading my textbook on my own; and UNREASONABLE. He refuses to discuss why he won't allow formula sheets in the midterm, or why he isn't providing us with the answers to homework questions.
1128569	Francis	Bonahon	5
If you have the chance to take him DO IT!!! If you are debating between him and another professor PICK HIM!! If you have to re-do your entire schedule to fit him in, DO IT NOW!!! I'm telling you he is awesome, keeps you interested in class and is so funny. Best professor you could ask for.
Getting up for Bonahon's 10AM lecture didn't feel like such a chore, surprisingly.
He is really nice, and will work with you to help youl out. He let some of us take the exam later because OCHEM was on the same day. But, he is one of those professors that doesn't like giving too many A's, which is annoying because he makes the curve so that only a few people get A's, even if more deserve them.
He is funny and is very helpful!
One of my favorite math teachers of all time.  He has a good sense of humor and makes the class interesting.
1205273	Doyoon	Kim	5
He really wasn't that bad.  He was a little hard to understand at times, but most teachers in USC's math department are.  Tests and quizzes were pretty easy, but he left in the middle of the semester and someone else had to take over.  He was a nice and pretty funny guy who wanted you to do well.
He definitely was not as bad as everyone else on this site made him out to be. He was kind of hard to understand at first but if you really listened and were attentive, what he was saying made sense. The first midterm wasn't that hard if you did the homework he assigned and came to lecture and took notes.
DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER WHATEVER YOU DO. impossible to  understand. incompetent. does not speak english. ridiculously difficult to get an A. I took AP Calc BC and got a 5 on the the test but barely made it out of this class alive. Takes off points on your tests left and right.
Incredibly difficult to understand. After the first midterm, I only attended 1/3 of the lectures out of sheer frustration. Only about 5/30 students were attending each lecture at the end of the term. Just glad I could get out alive. AVOID this teacher at all costs
Professor Kim is an awful teacher. He doesn't speak clearly and his tests are extremely hard. I went to his office hours and he did not help me at all!!! I highly recommend you DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS!!!!!!
1533786	Andrea	Jedwab	5
Took Math 1A at a summer session course at U.C. Berkeley. We had daily lecture/disc for 2-hrs/8-AM every day for 10-weeks.  Her lectures were well prepared with instructive examples.  She assigned 10-15 Stewart problems per section w. about 4- sets per week..  she was an excellent teacher, and I learned a lot!!! Better than most....
Midterms are fairly easy as long as you do SOME studying. since the final is the same for all sections, the final is very difficult. My suggestion is to take the midterms seriously so that the final wont affect your grade so much
The tests are really easy, but she still tries to tell you more than the tests. Very helpful. Attendance is not mandatory, and she does not even collect your homework. Just try to catch up the progress and you will be good.
Very helpful and very nice.  Not very clear during class and teaches with lots of variables and little application.  Tests are on the topics covered most in class
Such a great teacher! The class was really difficult, but she is really good at explaining.
1782976	Konstantin	Zuev	5
On of the best math professors
Professor Zuev is great guy; He goes through everything you need to know for exams and makes them very similar to homework problems (about 3 short questions each lecture that take about 20 mins) so do those and you'll do good. Very friendly and helpful, highly recommended!
Prof Zuev is great. His lectures are very organized and he provides lecture notes on his website. Although he has an accent, he is actually very good at explaining difficult topics and proofs. Tests were fairly easy, I would definitely recommend taking his courses. He's really smart too; dual PhD in Math and Civil Engr.
He is a good guy but explains everything in a confusing way. 2 midterms and 1 final determine most of the grade
a really smart professor but often times explains things the hard way. go to office hours, very helpful. really depends on your TA as well. 2 midterms, one cumulative final.
1854354	Daniel	Murfet	5
Oh my God I love him!!! Best math professor I have so far!!!!!! The class material is very interesting and he just makes everything better!!!! You would appreciate him is you're a math person! And he is such a gentleman as well! Little homework plus easy tests, what else can you expect from a professor??!!
He shares his notes for lecture. He is also always willing to help if you have any questions.
His lecture is not boring. He shares his notes, which is helpful. He is always willing to help out of class if you have any questions
His teachings don't match up the level of the midterms and final which are insanely challenging.
Professor Murfet is hands down the worst mathematics professor at USC. Still early in his teaching career, it is clear Murfet does not have a good sense of his class or his teaching curriculums. His lectures are often just strait from the book, very unhelpful, and hastily organized. Also he goes considerably faster through the material than profs.
659761	Joel	Milam	5
Professor Milam is super nice and likes to engage his students.  Go to class because you learn a lot more if you attend and can really benefit from his lectures in  your personal life.
Prof Milam is so sweet and genuinely wants to engage his students. HP440 is an amazing class that is applicable to real life, and made me actually look forward to class. Everyone should take this class!
No Comments
No Comments
Such a waste of time. Pointless subject. Take another class.
200145	Thom David	Mason	5
Easy class, lectures are kinda interesting. Prof Mason's a really nice guy
Really good. Pretty understanding. Not too hard a grader. He says he's better during fall.
Great teacher!  He can break it down for the music idiot and still make it challenging for the jazz connossieur.  Not only can/does he play, but is an awesome teacher.  Gives as much as he expects, goes the 10 extra miles.
i love this class so much!!!
Great class.  This guy can WAIL on any instrument!
406444	Gilbert	Blount	5
Quite honestly the worst professor I've ever had.  Reads out of his own textbook and calls it a &quot;lecture.&quot;  Tests on material that he never taught.  Limits papers to 3 pages and then deducts points because the paper is not thorough enough.  He's horrible and needs to retire.
No Comments
No Comments
Gil Blount is a fabulous instructor that expects quite a bit of his students.  Why not&#63;  They are Trojans, after all.  Top tier.  His class was the most fast paced and stimulating course I took there.  He pushed us hard and we got a lot out of it.  He was an ethnomusicologist that was brilliant and opened our minds.
Professor Blount isn't exceedingly difficult or unfair, but it's a hard class to get through.  He talks...really...slowly...but uses very complicated language, so it's still hard to take notes, and he expects a lot of memorization.  He's ok, but not great
518754	Janet	Johnson	5
Heard rumors about how unreasonably hard she was. Her bar is VERY high but she's very intelligent, knowledgeable and helpful. Grad students try to ditch when they have her on their quals committee. I didn't. She turned out to be a very helpful to me and very reasonable in grading. Rumors are not something to live your life by.
No Comments
GPA ruiner
I would avoid this professor again if possible.
Really serious teacher. She's anything but an easy &quot;A&quot; but packs her courses with good ideas.
686697	Rick	Schmunk	5
Great teacher, great class.  He know ProTools in and out and is great at sharing his knowledge. Brought in some fantastic guest speakers as well.
Do not recommend his classes for non-major graduate level students.
Seriously a great professor. Lessons couldn't be clearer, and he taught the stuff that you'll actually use in protools all the time.
Comprehensive intro pro tools class. Makes it very doable to get a good great, but you learn a ton. He's a fun guy too. Really cares that everyone learns. Very organized too.
No Comments
1435990	Kathleen Alice	Gambrell	5
Professor Gambrell is a very nice lady. She is very passionate about what she is teaching, and loves (I mean LOVES) when you ask questions or participate. There readings aren't hard, and there are only 2 quizzes the entire semester on 2 of the readings. The rest of the books are just short 2 page 'commentaries' that are graded fairly easy! 
An easy and fun GE 5. No tests, just short 2-page essays and a final project. Such a sweet person also. Attendance is mandatory with up to 4 excused absences.
I was referred to this GE 5 for its easiness and I would highly recommend it to anyone else. Show up to class, look like you are paying attention, you'll be fine.
Gambrell and I shared a taste for creative and beautiful literature; I thought the reading list for the class was excellent. Very encouraging of everyone's ideas. Only assignments are five 2-page commentaries, along with a creative project/reflection and final paper. Very easy grader and passionate, helpful prof.
2 page papers every 2 weeks, easy GE 5.
1612411	Alejandro	Perez Carballo	5
Lectures were pretty dry, his style of teaching relies on in class discussions. A LOT of tough readings (he warns you beforehand), takes time to go through and fully understand - classes are always based on readings you are expected to do. Helpful during office hours & very organized on the whole. I'd say take this class pass/fail just to be safe.
Looking back on the class, it wasn't as hard as it seemed. The way that he explains the concepts being learned makes them much more confusing than they actually are. He loves to replace ANYTHING with variables to explain something, and it gets really hard to keep track. The whole time, I felt like I didn't know what was going on, but I got a B.
So far so good. Works hard to help and seems to really care about his students.
I don't know much about him because I just started his class; however, the first day of class was very interesting. But it feels more like a Philosophy class because of all of the unanswerable questions he asks.
May seem a little quiet at times and isn't as outgoing as some professors here, but his classes have been clear and good so far, and he knows his material very well. Likes to involve his students in as many discussions as possible from what I know.
505703	Pete	Carrol	5
Boooooooo.
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
Knows his stuff. Will be &quot;the coach&quot; this side of the Mississippi
1537951	Todd	Greco	5
Loved him. He was super helpful when teaching strokes, and also hilarious. He jokes around all the time, but teaches really well. There is always a review session before the midterm/final because he thinks everyone that attends class should get an A. One of the best PHED teachers I have had
THIS CLASS IS SUPER FUN, MR GRECO IS VERY OUT GOING AND VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE OF SPORTS. DEFINITELY IMPROVED MY SOCCER SKILLS. YOU WANT TO SHOW UP TO CLASS FOR AN EASY A
Swimming - This class is amazing for trying to get into shape. He pushes you to learn and swim. He helps you improve your technique. Attendance is required. Easiest midterm and final ever. Do not even need to study for it. He is very chilled as long as you show up to class. Focused more on our swimming than the grades everyone gets.
He is hard!! But in a good way. I took the class to improve my strokes and he totally helped me with different tips. He gives us hard work outs. Attendance is a must. Awesome professor to get in shape.
Cool teacher. But most of all it was nice to enjoy Cali's awesome climate and learn  a cool sport. Lots of practice.
970980	Burke	Doug	5
not necessarily the best teacher, but definitely an awesome person
I had a good experience
Worst teacher i have ever had. When you sign up for one of his classes (i have been in 3), you essentially sign up to teach yourself the class. If you can somehow avoid taking one of his classes, i strongly recommend you do so.
Burke dont teach, Avoid this class if you could
No Comments
1410604	Gerd	Bergmann	5
He does not prepare the class well for the final exams. His lectures are boring. Definitely avoid this professor.
All you do is learn about wectors. Does not teach material that will be on the final. At least he is interested in teaching and tries hard to, but he is extremely boring. Try to take another professor or you won't do well on the tests.
Enjoys teaching and is very kind. He is very hard to understand, however, and his lectures are extremely boring.
Enthusiastic about the material. He cares a lot about the students and tries his best to explain the material in the clearest way possible.
terrible teacher... really unorganized and inexperience. Does not teach the material on his exams... although the homework is pretty easy. Don't take it with him unless you already took the AP, can teach yourself, or can find a consistent tutor.
1695799	Grace	LU	5
She has high standard, requests us to think critically. She shows she cares and is helpful.
Very knowledgeable, but uses too much math for derivations and expect you know them already. Approachable and willing to meet with students outside office hours.
God... she is terrible. doesn't explain concepts clearly, assumes you know the material, is inconsistent, misses class with no notice, brings in terrible guest professors, plays useless videos... honestly just wait another semester to take with a different professor.
Terrible teacher. Doesn't explain concepts. Assumes students know most of the material already. All she does in lecture is go over the example problems in the text book. Frequently makes mistakes while lecturing.
Worst physics teacher I ever had. Does not explain concepts or terms, and the teaching style is generally unorganized and hard to follow. Likes to bring in other  teachers/TAs to teach for her.
1070324	Terry	Cooper	5
I loved Professor Cooper even though I know I'm in the minority. I thought the reading was interesting (even though there is a lot of it at times), and he was an interesting lecturer. Some classes were better than others, but overall I enjoyed listening to his stories. He values participation in class. Class attendance is mandatory.
This was the  worst class I had at USC. Lectures were long, boring, and had no concrete take aways. He forces participation and scolds the class if you no one participates. ATTENDANCE IS MANDATORY. You sign in at the end of every class. The TA watches if you leave early or come to class late. Absolute torture. 
Very uninteresting, unhelpful professor.  You have 4 subjects to be graded on in the class (mid-term paper, term paper, participation & final)... he gives no constructive feedback whatsoever.  The material is easy, but Cooper's teaching style & grading criteria make this class frustrating.  Also a good TA is a must-have; she will be teaching often
Avoid him unless you love the subject. Quizzes are hard and really make or break your grade. Study hard for the midterm and final because they are tough!
Professor Cooper is strict, but helpful overall. There will be one essay midterm, one essay final, various reading prompt quizzes, and one 10-15 page research paper of your choosing. Best of luck.
1157986	Lisa	Schweitzer	5
she's terrible, not clear at all in the lectures, pretty much, you have to learn about the material on your own in the books. She thinks that all her students are smarter then they really are and gets mad when you don't know something she asks out. Therefore, she will go ahead and say, "go drop the class if you don't know this." waist of money 
She is a tough but very caring professor. She challenged me to improve my writing and I learned a lot in her class. If you are serious about learning and being challenged then definitely take a class with her.
The best Urban Planning prof I've ever had. She's passionate about this subject, especially responsible planning and social justice, but at the same time she's politically balanced. This is not a challenging work so much in the work itself, but in that YOU are responsible for everything! She's the best.
Just to quote from her syllabus: &quot;If you do not have the commitment, brains, and ambition to do excellent work, then the field (of urban planning) simply does not need you.&quot;
Great teacher. The course isn't that difficult as long as you put the time in to read the books. She really cares about argumentation (not opinions), so as long as you can make a point and support it you're good. Definately recommend this class and this teacher.
1225068	Michael	Woo	5
Professor Woo is extremely dedicated to urban planning. However, he is a horrible professor who also chooses even worse TAs.
He's really nice and passionate but can be dull. Grades depend entirely on your TA. Ive been told the course used to be very easy but now you have to try. Lots of short papers. Lots of reading you dont really have to do.
class is 1.5 hr guest speaker, 45 minute lecture, and the last 20 minutes is for presentations BORING. DONT GO TO CLASS YOU CAN GET AN A JUST LOOKING OVER HIS FINALS.
Michael Woo taught this course because he could have been a famous LA politician, but he's not. He didn't do anything but bring in some people to talk and tell us to read the textbooks.
Professor Woo teaches a fun and easy class with interesting assignments that engage you in the subject. Plus, he is very understanding about extensions and personal problems. I would definitely recommend his class!
1514834	Nicole	Esparza	5
The worst teacher I have ever had. Her lectures are boring and the only reason people go to class is because she has pop quizzes. The reading is completely unnecessary and you can ace the midterm and final if you study her powerpoints (that she puts on blackboard).
It's an easy class overall. However you are in constant confusion and awkward silence more than usual. You won't learn anything from her and it was just a big joke.
Awful awful teacher!! Do not take her class! She does not explain things well. Instead of teaching, she asks a lot of questions and call on people to answer, but she doesn't say if the answers given are correct. She also does not paraphrase the students' answers, so on top of not knowing if the student was right you also cannot hear the answer. 
Pretty good professor. Outlines exactly what can appear on the test. Depending on the class results, she eliminates multiple choice form the midterms and quizzes. Courses consists of 7 quizzes (2 of which she drops & replaces with your next highest score), midterm, group presentation, participation, term paper and final. Very clear in expectations
Pretty good professor. Outlines exactly what can appear on the test. Depending on the class results, she eliminates multiple choice form the midterms and quizzes. Courses consists of 7 quizzes (2 of which she drops and replaced with your next highest score), midterm, group presentation, participation, term paper and final. Very clear in expectation
1538690	Yan	Tang	5
Great helpful prof, very clear with test expectations (point by point handouts) and makes material relatable to real life problems. Would recommend doing the reading even though students present each time (you have 2x15 min presentations, midterm, final and 57 graded not-so-pop quizzes). Really enjoyed constructive group work during most sessions.
Professor Yan Tang is a very good teacher, I really enjoyed his class. The material was not hard at all, The study guide he hands out is Verbatum to the questions he uses on his tests, so you know exactly what to expect. If you demonstrate the correct preparation, you will ace the class. He's a very nice teacher, God Bless him.
Great class. Chuckable size of reading. Final is based on readings.
One team is in charge of presenting on the readings every class, so we never had to read anything. Super chill prof.
He's not very experienced with undergraduate classes, but he is very clear about class material and very knowledgable. Classes are enjoyable.
559317	Ricardo	Ramirez	5
Dr. Ramirez is well read on the topic and always challenges his students
hes awesome and truly has an interest in his work.and he will always remember you and always try to help you out.an friendly man
He's thy greatest professor EVER! Always helpful! He's one of the reasons why USC is so great!
Good teacher. Fair.
He is cute and smart.  The best combination
866957	Denise	Gonzalez	5
bad
she tries really hard, but is a terrible TA. does not know how to teach. also, wow, she is NOT HOT whatsoever.
Denise was my TA for POSC130g.  She was great, because her grading was COMPLETELY fair - you know you deserved whatever you got.  She really likes to help her students, both with the materials and the research paper.  She goes off topic a lot, but I didn't see it as a bad thing.  She's a wonderful TA
He is brilliant, it authenticates and very good professor.
Denise is awesome!  She is always there to help you with the course material and never intimidating.  In addition, she is hot!
974952	Mark	Kann	5
This class was a pretty typical class. Read a book, take tons of notes, write one paper, and take the midterm and final. He is really boring, and expects you to read a ton. I got a decent grade without reading and just looking at summaries. Pretty much just an average class.
Very knowledgeable about what he teaches, but if you try to take him off course he gets lost easily. Class consisted of him talking for 1.5 hours non-stop with a few questions thrown at the class here and there. Good grader even though his exams tend to be too long and broad.
Awesome class. EXTREMELY manageable workload. No finals, no midterms, and the essays average about 3 pages. Plus, they are actually fun to write--not the average T.O. essay. The class is at 8:30 which kindof stinks, but it is completely worth it
weird man. my class had only 8 people in it which was nice but 40% of our grade was two midterms and 60% is one big final paper at the end of the term. He seems very socially awkward and I think he makes some inappropriate comments at times. He lectures well, and good class structure but I guess i say proceed with caution
everyone hypes him up as a great prof. he is good, not great. dont expect any flexibility on anything either...
974963	Ann	Crigler	5
I think people are a little harsh on here. Yes, she's a tough grader and expects you to put in a good effort, but she's helpful and she genuinely cares. She respects her students and treats you as an equal. She also likes to get to know her students on a more personal level. We didn't have a textbook and the class was more hands-on, which I liked.
LOVE HER. take the class, it's not tests or papers it's all about hands on work on the Penny Harvest project, a new non-profit that she is starting in Los Angeles. you will not regret being a part of this
Very tough professor. I'm tempted to say one of the hardest graders in all of USC. Take her only if you don't have any other options... Her assignments are tedious, weekly readings are lengthy, and her teaching style is difficult to comprehend. The class was also so Boring... Hardest B+ I ever earned. I'll never take a class with her again.
i'm not sure what to say. the teacher is very confusing and her course is much more difficult than it really should be. this is the hardest senior course i ever took and i took 3 senior courses that semester alone. i honestly wouldn't recommend her unless you want a lot of homework (yes, weekly assignments due) and difficult grading. very hard
good, the class is 3 hours so can feel very long but she tries to mix it up. final project is difficult but interesting and makes sense with regard to the class.
306899	Shannon	Daley	5
she's great!
No Comments
Prof. Daley was my favorite psych teacher at 'SC. Not only are her lectures interesting, but she is dedicated to her students and quite helpful. I highly recommend taking Abnormal Psych with her if you can!
Very nice, makes the info very clear (because there's A LOT of it) Funny in a dorky kind of way and really sweet.
No Comments
1039524	Alvin	Rudisill	5
Rudisill is old. He is not very clear and you dont learn anything in the lectures. The TA's teach everything you need to know in the discussions. There is a Midterm, Final and 2 papers. Its a no-brainer class.
lectures are complete waste of time, just show up to the discussion sections with TA and guest lectures which are on syllabus. the TAs do the real teaching
Class is meant for freshman so he teaches the class in a manner that is meant to target an audience that is emotionally and proficiently immature. The class feels as if you're being preached to, like in a church. Condescending and boring lectures, however the topics are important to consider. Strong emphasis on Christianity. Would not recommend.
The lectures are pointless and incredibly boring. He's a nice guy but all he does is talk about himself and try to empower us to go out and make a difference in the world. The class itself is mostly common sense. Lectures are a complete waste of time.
Funny guy, but lectures an be on the dry side. Readings are interesting and recommended for tests. Lecture attendance is helpful, and TAs are good this year. He's a reallllllllly smart guy and has a lot to say, while still encouraging class participation.
1175770	Yaffa	Weisman	5
This class was hands down my favorite GE. Professor Weisman kept the class engaging and informative. The class is also relaxed and easy if you just do the assignments. Would highly recommend this class!!
Dr. Weisman is great. She's definitely old school but that's not a bad thing. Grading isn't too bad but you definitely need to attend class and as others have said, grading is mostly dependent on a midterm, essay, presentation, and final. Really good for a GE. Be open minded and you might actually find the class interesting. I would recommend.
The class in pretty interesting. Attendance is definitely mandatory. A 95% is an A and your grade depends heavily on a few things (a midterm, final, presentation and essay).
Amazing source of knowledge but could have done more to engage class.
Very interesting!
1639770	Jack	Peters	5
Really passionate about chess. Super nice and tries to keep class interesting but lectures can drag on since it's just two hours of him talking about historical games in chess most of the time. Did not get to play as much as expected. Definitely became a better player though.
Peters is a great professor! The lectures and long and can often get dull, but he really loves what he is doing. He is very willing to help students out and make sure they get the information that we need. He really loves chess! Woo
He literally spends two straight hours lecturing about chess, which becomes tedious. His class is structured to train you to become a Grand Master, not to think critically. He makes ridiculous arguments about the importance of chess (as a business or science, for example) and is hard to follow. On the other hand, he is a very humble, sweet man.
Awesome professor! He is such a great story teller, and he has a lot of stories to tell.
I LOVE his chess classes!!!!  He is absolutely adorable and loves chess!  It's credit/no credit so its super easy.  He is so sweet and nice and a joy to learn from. He is a grand master and nationally known, so extremely knowledgable!  I highly recommend him, whether you are an expert at chess or have never seen a board.  Love him.
593609	Maryalice	Jordan-Marsh	5
She's obviously an intelligent researcher but like all brilliant people, she just doesn't have the ability to communicate it. She'll never answer your questions directly, but will answer it with another question. Frustrating, but she goes out of her way in trying to help you learn. For your efforts, you will be rewarded so just try to learn.
She's a good person, talk to her to get on her good side.
She is a terrible professor.  Never take her class.  It's a good thing that she has tenure otherwise Maryalice Jordan-Marsh would have been fired a long time ago.
No Comments
She knows alot but doesn't communicate it very clearly. Too much time spent discussing midterm format and final (several class hours total).
1139692	Michell	Jackson	5
He is boring but easy. I haven't been in school for 6 years and I am happy I took him. Helped me get into school mode again. Definitely take him
Professor read off slides. Easy grader. Professor will not remember your name. Easiest class taken thus far. No need to buy books. EASY A but won't learn much.
Boring. He has good intentions. He doesn't always use proper grammar when he speaks which is a bit annoying for a graduate level professor. Easy A.
Very boring.  Guaranteed A in this class if you come to class and turn in your assignments.  Do not take his class at 8AM, YOU WILL FALL ASLEEP!
horrible! if you have any interest in policy, do not take jackson! he rambles and uses lectures he created years ago. if you're looking for an easy A, he's your guy. BUT if you're looking for a meaningful learning experience, you're better off with someone else
1546519	Evangelina	Reina	5
Im not very interested in policy much, but she's a fair teacher. Not my favorite, we dont really stay engaged during class because she isnt very interesting with the course material. She isnt terrible, but i wouldnt take her again
Professor Reina is very passionate about community immersion and advocacy. This class is interesting and she expects students to participate and come to class prepared. Great Class
She is really interested in the students and makes the class engaging and interesting.  She likes when the students participate in discussions.  Great professor and person.
Very professional and knowledgable professor who has tons of real-world experience to share.  Does not use power point..which I find refreshing.  She's extremely interested in what the students have to say and the discussions are great for those willing to open their mouths.
Wished I would have taken her for policy!!
1606034	Tosha	Sweet	5
This was hands down one of the best classes I've ever taken at USC. I loved the combination of powerpoint, role play, discussion, and media. This class helped me develop a deeper level of clinical skills as I now feel extremely comfortable utilizing SFT and CBT. Furthermore, I have embraced brief therapy and the usefulness of crisis intervention.
Highly recommend this professor. She wasn't an easy grader, but if you want to increase critical thinking skills and improve writing skills. She sets a warm and inviting learning environment. Very helpful, too. Usually responds to emails w/in 4 hours and she gives students option to submit rough drafts.
Wonderful Prof!!!
Great Professor. She enjoyed the subject she was teaching and very motivated. Enjoyed class interaction. Gotta prepare for class though!
Took Crisis Intervention with her and can I say she is AMAZING&#63;! She is super knowledgeable, always makes herself available to students and makes you feel comfortable. Class goes by fast and she grades based on your development as a student and effort. One of the best professors I've had. Highly recommend.
1623477	Alan	Gordon	5
Alan is awesome! He makes the class interesting with examples, discussion, and hilarious pop culture references. Definitely a must-take!
Professor Gordon is an amazing professor, def. my favorite faculty member so far--he is really nice, funny, and brings in real life examples that make class fun, and less like a dry intro to psych class. Fair grader and easy to approach. He is hard to get into second semester because he is a favorite of students.
Professor Gordon is AMAZING!!! He is so passionate and engaging. He is funny, sweet and truly cares for his students. He is also a great therapist and always finds ways to tie in behavior with what we are doing in the field. Takes a dense topic and makes it interesting. Do yourself a favor and take him for 503 and 505. You will not be disappointed!
Great teacher, keeps things interesting for a boring class.  A fair grader.  Always willing to meet with you and great at returning e mails.  He is also funny!
Extremely Clear, concise, funny and friendly.  Incredibly good lecturer.  Uses power point, but tries his best to keep it interesting, and succeeds most of the time.  I didn't really read.  I still got a satisfactory grade, but my peers who did the reading have retained a lot more, thanks to Gordon's teaching. Take him, but register fast.
1631044	David	Marsten	5
This was a class about clinical interventions. While he may have "ok" as a group interventionist, he is an inept professor. His own personal views and more importantly his insecurities were apparent. Truly out of his element in teaching. Probably a nice guy but an awful professor. Stay away.
Best way someone described him in our class "It is his way or the highway."  Do everything he says to a t.
He pushed his views onto his students.  Stereotyping describes him.  During crisis don't expect him to be helpful.  MAKE SURE YOU KNOW APA 6th EDITION WITH HIM because he will nail you with any infraction.
Awesome professor!! Very caring and to the point. Fair and very good grader....explains everything...takes time...is always available...sets weekly times to call him...provides notes and sends them out, which is always GREAT!! Wish he would be teaching other classes too!!
He really focuses on the articles we read each week, so read those.  He's really into cultural empathy and diversity. He likes to do role play exercises and those are fun.  His feedback on papers isn't really helpful and the directions on how to complete the papers aren't helpful either. He does encourage you to call him about &#63;'s on the papers.
1668327	Juan	Araque	5
He goes above and beyond to be extremely helpful and clear to his students. He genuinely wants students to do well and he does not try to trick you. His tests are just really hard and he wants his papers to follow exactly what he asks for. A very qualified and knowledgable professor
Research is a very difficult course. Thankfully, Araque goes over the material before you take the quiz, and also is EXTREMELY helpful in this course. TAKE HIM you won't regret it.
He is a great professor. Very helpful and understanding. I would recommend taking him!
Araque is a generous grader and easy on the eyes.  He is very knowledgeable, flexible, and tries to keep an unbiased stance on political topics.  I would recommend him.
He is really awesome! So flexible and open to suggestions. He has a great sense of humor and keeps class interactive.
1714884	Margaret	Fetting	5
Professor is engaged, brilliant, progressive and actually expects her grad students to think. She is at forefront of an ever-changing field and it has been an honor learning from her. I am lucky to have had the experience I did in her class.
Professor Fetting is amazing. She was able to link the scientific qualities of evidence based practice and cognitive theories/therapies to the art of figuring out how to establish relationships and trust and how to empathetically reach clients. The class was about substance use and abuse, but I also found it useful for all client work. Excellent!
Enthusiastic, engaging, knowledgeable, and realistic teacher with practical approach to substance use disorders. This was a thought provoking class with theories that can be used for other disorders as well. Do yourself a favor and take this class!
One of the best professors I have had in graduate school. Teaching style is unique, real and in your face, and useful for client interactions. You need to go into her class with an open mind to receive a different but positive outlook on addiction.
Knows her stuff and she wrote the textbook for the class. Did not personally like her teaching style. A little pushy and sometimes she is not clear at all. I wouldn't want to take her again, but I know others who like her.
1726655	Karra	Bikson	5
Dr. Bikson is a great professor!  She is kind and caring.  Further, she is very knowledgeable and is able to teach so that students understand.
I found her to be extremely judgmental when your attendance and work is not in line with what she expects. However, she never explicitly says what she expects, but then beats down on your work. Would NOT recommend her teaching, I left many classes feeling angry and annoyed.
Horrible experience.
Bikson is one of the best professors in SW. She is smart, and funny. She will keep you interested and engaged throughout even the boring topics.  Highly recommended.
She really cares about her students! And really makes an effort to be available and be helpful, plus uses a variety of teaching methods to hold your attention since its all theories which she knows can be dense.
1747191	Tom	Peterson	5
Do not take this professor.  If you do not agree with him, he will make the class very tough on you.  If you miss a class, you have to constantly follow up with him to get your paper back. Avoid him.  There are other better and caring professors at ocac and vac!
He sets his standards high and will let you know from the beginning what they are. He is definitely challenging and somewhat of a tough grader, but he is an amazing professor that wants all his students to be the best. I can not stress this enough: READ THE ARTICLES!! If you do the readings and participate in class, you are golden.
A great professor. He makes his expectations clear - high standards all the way. He has "universal office hours" and an open-door policy for students who have any questions, which is quite refreshing. If you go to class and do the readings, you do well.
Very helpful, passionate, intelligent professor. Holds "Universal Office Hours" twice a semester for any student who needs help. He is a strict grader and looks over papers meticulously, but then again, if you do not know the difference between "its" and "it's", and cannot clearly write a midterm paper, you should not be in grad school. :)
Very hard, strict, hard grader no leniency. looking for a challenge take him, very good written skills take him
1785446	Jason	Harley	5
Professor Harley is a great professor. He's strict on attendance, but he helps break down the asynchronous coursework into a way that it is easy to remember. He provides helpful and constructive feedback for all of the portfolio assignments. 
Loved his sarcasm, made this class more bearable. Very clear in what he wants in assignments. Provides ppt slides. Instead of hw assignments (which other research classes receive), you do the worksheets in class and then go over them together. Participate once a class and you'll be fine. Always got out about an hour early. Highly recommend!
He gives you the outline of what he wants on his paper. It can't get easier than that, he's really understanding calls you out in class and make sure to ask questions. Man is sarcastic but its good because it makes the class engaging. Read his slides and outlines and you'll do great can't get easier than that.
Very organized and knowledgeable of social work research.  Was open to questions and did activities that made SOWK 562 make sense.
Still remember most of the things he taught in class.  Definitely made research easier to understand and apply.  Very sarcastic sense of humor, which makes class even better.  Always available when you need him.  Overall, best professor I've had!  I would definitely take a class with him again!  Definitely a must!
1840738	John	Bucholtz	5
Professor Bucholtz is an amazing professor. He always gave great feedback and was very knowledgable about social policy. I would definitely take his class again. I found him to be very helpful. He is one of those rare professors that you do not come across very often. Loved his class!
Good guy and good professor. He brings a lot of outside topics to class to help keep the lesson relevant.
Excellent professor.
Professor John is very dedicated to social work. He is very interesting to have conversations with! I'm hoping to take him again for 535!!!
Prof John is awesome! Very interesting and so helpful! He will suggest articles for papers and he will also look at drafts and offer corrections. I will take him as often as possible1!
1739946	Maria Mercedes	Fages Agudo	5
Professora Mercedes is amazing. She genuinely cares about her students. Don't expect to sit in the class and do nothing, because she works her students. But her constant enthusiasm makes all students more than willing to participate and stay engaged in class. She is also a really fair grader. Love her so much. 
She is probably one of the nicest most engaging teachers at USC. If you are taking spanish take her, the work is really easy, homework is a breeze, and if you study a little you will get A's on her tests. She is always filled with positive energy and really wants all her students to do well and succeed.
Awesome teacher, highly recommend taking class. Makes class fun, really engaging
So sweet. Wants all of her students to succeed. Pretty easy class. Tests are basically all grammar and vocab.
She is awesome! I had her for a W/F 8AM and her energy levels amazed me every time. She did a great job engaging the class even when we were half asleep. The class was very doable and you can definitely get an A as long as you show up!
1817027	Andrew	Allport	5
Mr. Allport's a really nice guy, and he's a good writing teacher - he really helps you dissect your writing and improve at editing. He's smart, and makes discussions interesting; he's good at provoking conversations. Not too difficult a grader, and he gives good encouragement, and really helps you get better. So glad to have had him!
Awesome instructor. He's passionate, enthusiastic, and genuinely trying to ask you questions about the material, not just telling you what to think.
Andrew is simply amazing! Took his class this semester even though I wasn't particularly interested in his syllabus just because friends highly recommended him. His classes are really fun and discussion based. He is an amazing person who really gets to know you. Tutorials are an absolute delight. Highly recommend taking a class with him.
The class was okay. He made his course goals clear and we stuck mostly by the syllabus. He wasn't very nice this semester, but that could be explainable by tiredness and family matters.
Andrew's class was very laid-back and he is an amazing writing instructor. I got a lot out of tutorial and feedback, especially on rough drafts. He did not give us any grades throughout the semester, but it worked out for the best. He is friendly and makes personal connections with his students. I wish I could have taken CORE 112 with him also!
1893018	Devin	Toohey	5
Devin was an excellent writing instructor. I'm usually not a hard worker, but Devin was able to motivate me to put my best effort into his class. By being accessible, enthusiastic, and constructively critical, Devin challenged me to become a much better writer. He is not "easy", but he's excellent for those that actually want to learn something. 
Devin is an incredible writing teacher! He was extremely patient with his students, and is very clear on his expectations. He is not an easy grader, but he is more than fair. My writing improved immensely and I would take another one of his classes in a heartbeat. Expect to work hard for a good grade and attend office hours/listen to his advice!!
Devin has a blend of knowledge and accessibility that makes him a great writing instructor. Both his praise and criticism proved constructive, and he provided me with concrete techniques for addressing the aspects of my writing that needed work. The workload is manageable, and designed to help you improve. Plus, he made the class tons of fun!
Devin was an awesome WRIT 140 instructor. The course IS challenging, but it's absolutely possible to do well in the class. Just do the assigned work (it's honestly not that much), come to conferences prepared, stay on pace, and LISTEN TO HIS FEEDBACK. His feedback is incredibly helpful and ultimately made me a stronger writer.
Devin Toohey definitely seems nice, but he's not very competent as a writing instructor. His feedback isn't very constructive, and personally I felt like he 'attacked' our work a bit too much. My writing definitely improved, but Devin does not make it easy - you sort of have to figure out what he wants from you yourself, he isn't very helpful.
461933	Joe	Brusuelas	5
No Comments
No Comments
Awesome teacher -- always very up front and honest, not to mention hilarious.  I actually learned a lot even though I normally hate English classes.
Awesome teacher.  Extremely funny and even more knowledgable.  His primary degree isn't in English, it's in Economics, so he's not the normal boring Literature freak.  Very intersting class.
No Comments
1191262	Suraj	Shankar	5
He is a great professor who has a deep understanding of the subject.
He will give you all the time to look over drafts but you might as well talk to the wall for all the good it does.  His summaries contain many spelling and grammatical errors and he is grading us&#63;  He should be replaced.
He is a graduate student.  He does not know how to teach or explain how to write. This is a beginning course in writing and he doesn't know what he is doing.  He continually extends deadlines because he confuses the students.  Avoid if possible.
No Comments
Really chill dude
1222043	Richard	Fliegel	5
Loved his Freshman Seminar class! Incredibly fun and doesn't feel like work.
Simply the coolest, most knowledgable professor ever. Learned a lot. Freshmen, taking his class is a must!
Fliegel is knowledgeable, interesting, entertaining, and, above all, kind. He tries his hardest to get his students involved in the subject material, and he relates everything to their lives. Professor Fliegel is the man--the kind of instructor who remembers your name when he passes you on the street.
He was extremely helpful and taught so much. The class is really fun and it doesnt even feel like homework when you do his work. Amazing Professor!
Richard teaches the Freshman Seminar class Writing to be Read. The course is truly amazing. Highly recommended to any creative writing major or anyone interested in creative writing. There is no text book, only the course reader, and he does require that you buy some books. Medium-amount of reading, but his lectures make it well worth your time.
1234769	Jonathon	Enfield	5
I hate writing and no teacher can change that. But Jonathan actually made Writing 140 my favorite class to go to (although not do the work for). He is very engaging and dynamic in class and relates everything to his students very well. He really wants you do do your best and does his best to help you get there
My favorite professor so far. Made 140 a great class.
writing 140 itself is a pain but he always makes an effort to make class interesting and bearable. very helpful, insightful, and understanding prof. He dislikes students that come in late so if you're not the type to be on time for class then beware.
Jon is a great professor! Not only does he explain the materials very carefully, he is also very approachable and helpful. He's also funny, blunt and direct. Take him.
Jon is probably what made Writing 140 not only bearable, but actually fun! He was also always willing to help with papers, make extra office hours, etc. Great, great professor.
1335137	James	Brecher	5
Brecher is the most helpful professor at USC.  He challenges you to think in a way you never have & pushes you until you get there. He is tough & very blunt (be prepared for criticism), but no professor will help you to grow the way he does. If you want to go to law school, you MUST take his 340 & 440- ask him for personal statement/app advice! <3
Nothing left me energized like his freshman seminar--take it. Brecher is fantastic. He loves everyone to give their opinions although he has a tendency to talk over people when they try to speak. His stories are a bit repetitive but he is a fabulous speaker and a great resource to have. Absolutely take his class if you get the chance.
Great prof! But very hard. He tells you it's his aim to make his class the hardest you'll take @ USC. You'll learn more in his class than you will in any writing class. Your writing will become amazing. Only annoying this is he won't answer Q's, but anwswer with a question right back. Take his class with a bunch of easy classes.
Brecher is hands down the best professor I've had at USC. He's going to push you like no other, but by the end of the semester, you will know how to write persuasively. I learned so much from this class.
Hardest, but most gratifying class I have ever taken.  Spent more time in the library this semester than in 3 years at school.  Brecher is the best.  If you have any interest in going to law school - he will prepare you and do everything he can to get you there.
1472999	Geoffrey	Middlebrook	5
Made the WRIT 340 experience much better than I was expecting and much better than WRIT 140. He allows you to write about whatever you want, but prods you to dig deeper and think creatively. He helps you refine your writing, and if you continue to improve over the semester you should end up with a decent grade.
Middlebrook is awesome. I took his arts and humanities writ140 in which you just write your own blog.you pick the topic of your blog and your entries follow that main theme. Essentially you write 2 3-ish page "essays" using a blog format and 2 comments to online blogs you find. He's super nice and actually give good comments. Highest eecommendation
the best, not easy but fair. is very clear and lays out what is expected
Nicest professor EVER. Great class. He was an awesome teacher.
nice guy but sooo incredibly boring.
1586071	Samantha	Carrick	5
Sam is very entertaining and encourages participation. The syllabus was somewhat disorganized and rushed compared to other classes. I don't feel like my writing improved very much from CORE 111, but I got a lot more out of the texts. Overall, I would recommend this class.
Excellent and passionate.  Makes the class a family.
Dear God.  Sam Carrick is amazing.  I am only a freshman and I can tell that she has made my TO experience.  SO compassionate and caring towards her students.  She is HILARIOUS and quirky, and very effective at imparting knowledge whilst always ALWAYS keeping her class engaging.  Makes a true family out of her writing class.  I'll miss her tons.
Fantastic! The papers are time consuming of course but she explains everything well and is a joy to be around. Hilarious too!
This woman is amazing. Most kids at USC dread WRIT140 because it's a required class that is fairly demanding, but Sam is incredible. Every class was not only helpful, but absolutely hilarious. My writing has improved tremendously because of her!!
731479	Howard	Greenwald	4
Greenwald tells a lot of interesting stories and has a good sense of humor. The class is open discussion which makes it interesting and opens debates.  The final assignment is graded more strictly than the first.
Great Professor. Take him if you want to know the ins and outs of an organization.  He knows his material and wants the class to succeed. Had fun in the class.
He is the nicest guy ever.  He really wants to make sure you are learning the material, but having fun at the same time.  He wants to do anything he can to help you get an A in the class. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
No Comments
1758095	Renee	Smith-Maddox	4
Professor Smith-Maddox is a great! She knows her stuff and you have to make sure you follow the weekly readings. The downside of the class were the group assignments. There is always a control freak and a laxed person within the group. Class participation is a must if you would like a good grade
Great professor! Paper's aren't too bad, and she is really available for any questions. Class is mostly discussion and not so relevant to topics but she is a wonderful person! This is my 2nd class with her, and 3rd next semester. She grades very fairly! But still adds comments.
Maddox is awesome! The class is boring. She will call you OUT so be prepared each class session! Paper are fairly easy and she seems to give out A's if you write a good paper! I know a few people that got A's in our class. I probably wouldn't take her again :(
Dr. Smith- Maddox is very kind and caring. She is extremely shape and knows her stuff. She expects you to participate in class and makes a point to call on you so be prepared! She is not clear in explaining what she wants, and does not lecture a lot on topics. Papers are not too difficult, but make sure you cover theories in the reading.
1442675	Dale	Wallis	4
He speaks pretty low so sit up close or you will zone out! He's a nice guy and relates class concepts to personal experiences. Class can get boring at times but its not too bad. He was a bit unorganized as he changed the syllabus several times. On the upside, he cut out chapters he felt wouldn't be fair to test us on. Grades fair. Gives pop quizzes
Wallis is a boring guy, but accounting is boring. He knows his stuff, and the material is not that hard. Midterms are super easy, and he grades homework on completion. Because of this, the curve is slightly messed up in this class. Definitely easier than a lot of the accounting professors my friends took instead.
nice guy. helps in the business world. relates topics to real world scenarios. much easier than 250a from a learning standpoint if you are more business oriented than number oriented. Wallis is cool i like him and his class isnt hard.
super easy lectures and grades hw on completion (but mandatory, as is attendance).  midterm is embarassingly easy, super easy grader on the two reports/presentations but easy to tune out.  most people don't pay attention and then bomb the common final.  he teaches it all to you if you can stay focused and do the work.  he won't grind it in to you
1919057	Elizabeth	Chuk	4
She was the nicest and coolest teacher all the way up until the final, on the finals day, she was so rude and the final was ridiculously hard. There was no amount of studying that I could have done to even finish her final
The good thing is she's extremely clear and her quizzes are exactly like the review questions, so no surprises (but the problems on the final are nothing like we've done before). However, she's extremely rude and has an attitude. She acts nice, but she never puts her in the shoes of the students. And her final was brutal. 
Great professor. Very clear lectures. Lectures are not mandatory but you should definitely attend because power points are pretty useless. Fair grader too!
She's a really good professor, you will understand everything after her class. However, she grades weirdly at the end and the final was super hard. But overall, you'll learn a lot from her. Take her!
1937918	Adrian	Stern	4
PROFFESOR STERN IS THE BEST. He is funny, easy-going, and inspirational. I've visited other professors' classes before choosing his class and his lectures are great while the other professors seemed to be more dry. His exams are decent as long as you read the book and do his homework (very little). Highly recommend!
Adrian is awesome.  He is always willing to help (schedules extra review sessions, encourages students to callemail him if we have problems with the homework)  Class is for the most part interesting because of his great knowledge on the subject.  He doesn't collect the homework, but if you do it, you will do great on the tests.  4 pop quizes.  
adrian is the man. rocks hawaiian tshirts and a fat mustache. by far the best teacher ive had at usc. he will make you want to come to accounting class. can get an A if you go to class and do the homework which isnt much.
I LOVE ADRIAN. One of the BEST professors I've ever had! He's new to USC but has been teaching adults for years. He's so willing to help his students and is extremely passionate about accounting. His class isn't hard at all if you go to office hours and lectures. He makes class fun and made me consider changing my career path. Definitely recommend!
1637633	Juan	De Lara	4
incredibly boring and uninteresting professor. Lectures are extremely hard to follow and everything you need to know has to be learned through the T.A's, who are similarly inadequate. I would definitely reccommend against ever taking his course
Would never take again.  I have never been so nervous for any test as I was in the midterm and final of this class.
Very Hard, and if you need some info, he makes you go through TA's
There are 4ea books,and he goes really fast through the lecture material. Also assigns a lot of extra readings. Clarity in lecture information is okay, but expectations from students are vague.
1957609	Simeon	Man	4
I attended Professor Man's first class at USC in my first semester. He is super helpful, really passionate about his lectures and puts history in new and interesting perspectives. Be prepared to read a lot for discussions, but his lectures are plenty for the exams. Do the work, easy A.
As a student of Professor Man's first class, I had no idea what a GE was like at USC. Turns out I had one of the best.  Professor Man was an amazing lecturer and person.  His class was incredibly engaging and interesting which in turn made the assignments easy.  You could easily get away without reading and just studying his lectures.
Professor Man really makes the effort to engage students in class. You can tell he really cares to be well-prepared and wants to send relate history to contemporary issues- many of which we seem to overlook. Definitely recommend any of his classes.
 i expected the lectures to be boring but they were actually not bad. The professor is very clear about what you need to know, gives great "take-aways" for each lecture, and doesn't use the whole class period. Midterm isn't terrible (he gives essays ahead of time) but final paper is long. Overall a really good professor and not too hard to get an A
1856808	Gourab	Mukherjee	4
Likable, lovable, adorable, fashionable, comical are all words to describe G-Money. Class was pretty simple. Go over lecture material, and you'll get an A without a doubt. He's incredibly thoughtful, has office hours for at least 4 hours each week, even having extended ours during finals. He is genuine, and will not hesitate to clarify anything 
Although it was hard to understand his accent at first, I got used to it and had no problems later. He is willing to help. You will be working on "group tests" but he will come and offer help. Pretty cool guy. Recommend
He took off arbitrary points after telling us something completely different.
Incredibly nice guy who will go out of his way to help students, but he is very hard to understand. Quizzes and tests are based on his lecture slides and handouts so I barely used the book. VERY lenient grader. A boring but easy class.
658774	Frank	Dimster	4
He was one of the important Persons for my architektural knowing, he was a better Prof,then all I have in Germany.AAA+++
I graduated from SC Arch 12 years ago. He was horrible then and I hear he is still there. I dropped but had him on reviews. He is horrible! BTW, I was a Deans list student (above 3.5 GPA)STAY AWAY From his classes
There was nothing good about the class.  The six 7-page papers (due every week) were reason enough to drop, but his teaching style (or lack there of) was horrible.  He expected participation, but everything we said was &quot;wrong.&quot;  He even told one student to stop being a b**ch and asking so many questions.  This class was a huge disappointment.
Very intelligent.  Amazing background.  Oblivious to practicality.  Doesn't really show much interest in actually TEACHING the class.
995967	Gail	Borden	4
Extremely knowledgeable. Great discussions. 
Too much wasted time.  He used us as free work to make his project
Awesome. best professor ever
No Comments
1156509	Jeff	Guh	4
Guh is serious about structures. He teaches at a fast pace so it is best to sit close to the board to see every detail he both draws and writes. It is best to attend every class since he covers a lot of material and there is no study guide when it comes to exams. The TA's a useless but he is open to answering questions.
He's an extremely good teacher, but teaches at such a fast rate that it is hard to keep up. He insists that it is only the basics though, and he is going as slow as possible. I guess he's just too brilliant.
This teacher is AAAAMAZING!  I highly recommend him!  He is a practicing professor with an awesome firm.  Very helpful and knowledgable.
This teacher is AMAZING!!!!  Highly recommend him!  Has sooooo much experience and is super helpful!
1516133	Anthony	Guida	4
Anthony has a very clean polished style in teaching and his personality is very fun. He is tough but if you listen to all his suggestions and work hard, life will be easy. You will still however, get absolutely no sleep completing all the projects.
Guida is hilarious and sassy. Great drawing teacher. He really knows his stuff. Although a bit tough on the grading (as all architecture instructors are), he's clear on his expectations. &quot;Total hotness.&quot;
Guida is a good teacher and has a great personality. He tries to get to know all of his students and is obviously very dedicated to teaching, he stays an hour after class to help you.

1829683	David	Gerber	4
He may seem sarcastic but he is very caring and smart. Had him for 102b studio. He made me work my ass off, but it was very worth it & i learned a lot from him. He requires perfection and pushes you to the limit (sometimes u might have to redo your entire project few days before the deadline) but you'll see yourself grow. Backs you up during review
He is not a helpful instructor at all!
Abusive and insulting professor. Has no filters when he talks. Maybe he is a good expert in parametric but it has nothing to do with being a professor.
He is knowledgable about parametric tools (design project), but he doesn't makes architectural critics, instead he makes personal and insulting comments. He also publish students' master/PHD thesis under his own name by hiring students and asking them to work on their thesis for his work.
1342584	Jonathan	Berliner	4
Berliner is an awesome guy. His lectures tend to get quite lengthy and boring. Go to his office hours for help with papers and you'll do well. No quizzes, just three papers. Overall okay class.
he's a nice guy. he might be a little random and unclear at grading papers, but overall his a nice guy.
ARLT 100 is easy, you can get away with not doing the readings. Only graded on 3 papers. Listen to what he says in office hours/conferences and go along with what he says and you will get a good grade. Just respect him and he is a pretty reasonable guy.  Participate in class discussions and he will like you more.
Difficult texts but the course was great
1368456	Sarah	Pratt	4
Interesting to listen to her in breaks between sleeping,as the lectures are usually very monotonous. Lots of books and articles to read. Not an easy GE class!
Very sweet professor, but very work intensive class. Lectures are really boring because she goes over all of the readings that most students don't do. If you want an A in her class, you're going to have to read about 100 pgs/week & 1 film/month. If you can do that, lectures won't be that boring, and the midterms/finals/mental stretches will be easy
She's short and middle-aged; her personality is that of a cozy librarian. She constructs the course around themes which recur throughout the textbook and primary sources. Good at communicating an interest in culture. Somewhat poor at organization. Spends lecture going over what you just read for homework.
She is the sweetest professor ever! However her finals and midterms are cumulative. Mental stretches are vague in that she doesn't detail any requirements for them. But if you skim the readings and go to lecture you can get at least a B. Participation in class and discussion are required and help boost grade!
1518043	Aimee	Bender	4
She's awesome.  Totally brilliant and her writing is great.  Take her if you're lucky enough.
The. Best.
Fairytales was the best class i have taken at SC! So fun and interesting. There is hw but its reading fairytales and its not hard. Great Class and awesome professor.
She's amazing! Her fairy tales class was my favorite this semester! I loved it! Wished it was a full-year course! She may not be the easiest grader, but at least she's honest about it and tells you that when you sign up for the class. 3 essays. 1 creative project. 1 take home final. I recommend this for your arts and letters class!
1712307	Nick	Strimple	4
Really great guy. wants students to care about learning the Holocaust. Class material is very interesting although his lectures sometimes tend to be a bit of a drag. Assigns 3 books but never uses them in a test or anything so no worries and 3 essays as well but they're easy (grades easy too) The 2 tests are a bit tricky but otherwise easy class.
Honestly if you don't take Strimple for your GE 5 you are making a mistake. All you have to do is show up for class and you will do well. There are 3 papers all very easy if you are a decent writer. The midterm and final is also easy if you pay attention when he does the review. Highly recommend this class because its easy and he's a great teacher.
I think this is the most chill class I have ever taken.  His tests are mostly matching and he gives 3 paper(all about 4 pages each). Really relaxed and kind guy.  I would definitely take him.
I took the Holocaust and the Creative Impulse with Strimple. The class is basically about music of the Holocaust. SUCH a cool teacher. He's real chill. 1 midterm (multi choice and short essay), 1 Final. 3 Papers - but super easy grader on them. Doesn't take attendance, no textbook. Assigns 3 books but don't read them, never refer to them. TAKE HIM!
1821174	Vanessa	Osborne	4
Part of her grading criteria and class structure was created by the writing department and not her since it was Writ 150. She was passionate about the subject (law and social justice theme). She was really clear about what she wanted and extremely helpful. Kinda tough grader, but provides a lot of feedback and it's easy to improve grades on papers.
She's a very nice teacher. Just do the readings, participate in class and you should do fine.
Vanessa Osborne was a really nice professor. She isn't a tough grader and as long as you semi read the books you're already ahead of the game. The books are actually interesting so if you take the time to read them, you'll be engaged.
Overall the class wasn't too difficult, but super boring.  You read 6 books total and they are long and confusing.  Don't take this class unless you enjoy reading different types of literature.  Osbourne is nice, but its difficult to get an A.  She gives out a lot of B and B+.
1621970	David	Hutchins	4
Made bio so much fun!
He is a great professor and actually made biology interesting! Definitely take this class.
He is a great professor. His powerpoint lectures cover everything that you need to know for the test. He goes over everything in detail and he is very helpful in office hours. Definitely take his class!
He is GREAT !!! His classes are actually semi-funny and he goes over the material in detail.....I would do the reading before you come to class because it will be helpful in keeping up....
1095699	Oscar	Aparicio	4
Very straightforward. He was very clear and I thought he explained concepts really well. Everything is on the lecture slides. Just memorize everything there.. not too bad! Book helps for lab techniques
Short and sweet testing style. It's important to go to class for the lectures: his exams are very much based on lecture slides and lecture. Not an entirely patient professor for questions, but he tells you everything you need to know if you pay attention in class.
Great teacher. His powerpoints are really thorough and usually cover what he asks you on the tests.
Great teacher! But you will need to put in the effort.
1402229	Peter	Shugarman	4
Knowledge and Imagination in Science Fiction is the Easiest GE ever! No tests, no papers, you don't even have to do the assigned reading
Do not take this class. It's way harder than any GE should be. Professor Shugarman seems like a perfectly nice guy, and he definitely knows a lot about the subject, but in lectures he just writes on an overhead projector. It's really really dull and he doesn't prepare you well for the midterm. Choose a different science GE.
Professor Shugarman knows a lot about Bio-chem. However, he really is a terrible professor because he continuously goes off on tangents and does't really prepare you for his midterm. He basically just says everything discussed in class is fair game. Don't take this course. It becomes way more difficult than a GE should be.
This professor is probably smart, but too old.Can't hear you, or speak loud, or write clearly.He is not clear on the topic, goes all over the place. Book is useless do not buy the course reader, waste of money!Boring class.Midterm seems easy but everyone does horrible, class average was 26/50 for midterm.F!Overall bad professor, hard grading TA's.
1538604	Angel	Tabancay	4
Dr. Tabancay was very helpful in aiding me in scheduling conflicts with Molecular Biology and the rest of my schedule, and even help me to prioritize my schedule. He is however hard to reach on the phone.
Tabancay a cool guy. He's friendly, funny, and approachable. He taught the first half of the course. He probably had the easiest material, though some memorization was involved. I think that his tests weren't representative of what was emphasized in lecture, but I like him as a lecturer. He is always willing to help you outside of office hours.
Lecturer for 330L and lab director for 320/330. Great lab director, labs are straightforward, interesting, fairly graded, and very well-put together and executed. He is a great lecturer who is helpful, and whose lectures are interesting. Focus on applications of knowledge, and be sure to go to SI! Reading the book isn't necessary to doing well.
Lectures are very straightforward. Midterms are exactly the same as the lecture notes and book.
1546646	Jed	Fuhrman	4
fuhrman speaks very quickly and his slides are dense. attendance is optional because he essentially reads off his slides which are just paragraphs. his tests are largely reused from prev years--access to a test bank is recommended. grading is fair. lab section required much greater time investment (difficultystress level depends on TA).
He is very clear, passionate, and he has a ton of background information to add to lectures. BISC 121 may not be everyone's favorite course, but go to lecture because Fuhrman has a great way of making this material interesting. 
Dr. Fuhrman really loves the textbook, so his lectures basically include everything from the chapters he is covering. However, he still includes his insight on subjects and his related hobbies and also his research in the fields! The tests follow the practice ones he post very closely and he alerts you to the difficult questions he will test.
The professor seems to move really fast through the powerpoints at first but you get used to his teaching style fairly quickly. He's very personable and shares a lot of his funny hobbies in class. Tests are very straightforward and it's very doable to get an A in the class.
34387	Catherine	Sugar	4
No quizzes, a lot of homework, no open notes but tests are just like homework
No Comments
She is very thorough with examples and theories.
No Comments
455857	Alan	Patz	4
Pretty easy to do well, but if you want to learn anything yourself you will probably have to teach it to yourself. However, if you turn in all assignment and do well in quizzes, then you'll get the grade
Class never lasts the full 2 hours.  Nice guy
Don't know why he entitled to be paid. He simply did nothing except wasting student's time. I learned nothing from this class although I tried to pay attention to class. He simply using  the class time to tell us that he posted something which he could have done over EMAIL. Honestly really bad class
One of the laziest professors I've met at USC. Exams are typically m/c. So many ppl cheat in his class. Professor is too lazy to actively proctor exams. Annoying for students who don't cheat because the curve ends up kinda steep so the # of A's are few.
501045	Greys	Sosic	4
One of the Best and most knowleadgeable teachers I've ever had. Took Supply Chain Mgmt and felt the class was great. The concepts I learned from that class I know I can actually apply in real. She incurages student participation which makes it easier to learn. Very helpful teacher too outside of class!
She is too boring,the topics are supposed to interesting but the way she teaches,makes it really boring.
she makes easy conceps complicated. i do not know why they still make her teach supply chain
Excellent Professor. Teaches the concepts very well. Tends to rush through things at times but ismore than willing to clear out things.
620740	Jonathan	Jaffee	4
Wonderful
Great class! One of the most enjoyable ones out of my whole college career. Very interesting and real-world topics.
Jaffe is a good guy, and he totally knows his****. Worth taking.
His strategy was to use someone else's presentations
1191723	Steven	Werber	4
He is a HORRIBLE teacher.  We learned nothing in class and then the midterms were very hard and have no idea where he got the material from.  There were 2 presentations that everyone got the same grade on.  It is impossible to get an A but it is a very easy B.
The thing about this class is that it seems easy but it really isn't because he has grades 3 assignments and everyone gets the same grade.  There is no way to get a good grade in this class and it is so BORING
This is a great class. The professor has a ton of real-life work experience, which makes the class really interesting. he's also a riot-- very funny-- the easiest class to get up for at 8 a.m. Nothing dry and boring about this guy-- love his class!
This professor does not like teaching and makes this class so boring in the morning and everyone sleeps in the class.It has already been hard to get up 8 to come to the class, and he makes it even harder because he just copies other professors' lecture to his powerpoint and does not even know why they are there!
1512083	Leon	Zhu	4
He's pretty good. I thought he wasgood for providing examples to study. Basically you have to teach it to yourself and practice the online practices and dont rely on his to help you, but I did ok. He isnt crystal clear bc of his accent but he's understandable like 85% of the time. Just practice a lot and only go to class for clarity and tests!
Hes dry as hell, but I went screwed up (d/h) once and he made sense. Its really slow. Read the book. You have to. Office hours to ask questions are a must because brushes over the material expecting you to know it but he recommends not reading the book first. It was super confusing. That and he asks questions no one can answer.
He's a terrible teacher in that he fails to teach but the course is so easy and the tests are so easy, self-study will get you an A. Case studies and homework are annoying but they'll help you learn the stuff. Puts practice problems online which are helpful. Bad class, but easy.
Worst teacher I've ever had. Couldn't understand a word he said, didn't use the book at all, and all he did was read powerpoints to the class (which people couldn't understand anyways).  I don't know why USC hired him; I wouldn't hire him to teach kindergarten.
1701122	Neha	Kumar	4
Neha Kumar is probably one of the best professors you can take for BUAD 281. Not only she is young and talented, she also shows great interest in her students and their progress. She will often relate the topics back to her professional experience in banking. The class can be challenging for some but definitely put some time into studying.
Must Take
Prof Kumar is awesome & material is generally easy, but she makes the tests are really long and impossible to finish to smooth out the curve.
Great!
1792713	Quentin	Fleming	4
Terrible professor. Terrible class.
This class is easy if you do the reading & you relate your cases to the points discussed in class and the reader. Make sure that you follow the exact structure he wants or else he will mark you down. There is no midterm. Two group projects. Two Course reader cases. 1 Country Case. Lectures are so boring! He loves to give out Bs. A's not often seen
Crazy that anyone would say professor Fleming is not understanding - he is clear and treats students as equals. Grading is really pretty easy for a 400 level class.
This guy is all around mediocre. His lectures are boring and uninspiring. He's not understanding of certain mishaps/problems.
1891202	Abdolreza	Fazeli	4
Easiest class I've taken at USC. The tests are exactly off of his study guides. Felt like I was back in Highschool.
Like everyone has said, he may be the easiest teacher in all of Marshall. He gave study guides that had the exact answers to over half of the questions on each midterm and final. I got an A but did not learn econ, and I'm all right with that.
Hella easy, hella boring. Little hard to understand but you're not gonna be paying attention anyways. Takes attendance, which can be circumvented. Most of the class stopped showing up a couple classes in. Online hw (he extends deadlines a lot), most of exams are taken from study guides.
Fazeli is very easy. Bad professor, but easy. Takes attendance by passing astound sheet and initialing. Someone could do it for you. 2 Midterms, online hw, 4 quizzes, 1 final. Hw is online and easy due every weekish. Take this class to get the A, not learn econ. He also gives out study guides which have exact answers to exam.
1483505	Thieo	Hogen-Esch	4
His lectures were all over the place, he refused to answer my questions, and he admonished the class for not coming to his office hours. I went once and all he did was solve the problems I gave him on his own, without letting me see, and then handing me the answers as if that would clear things up. I had to study off the internet for the exams.
He is a very nice man, no doubt about that. He also enjoys teaching. But the presentation of the material is very scattered, the lectures largely incomprehensible, and exam grading atrocious.
Professor Hogen-esch has a brilliant command of the subject matter of organic chemistry, an incredible passion for the subject and an indefaticable interest in the well-being and comprehension of his students.  It is a pleasure to watch him teach.
His teaching is very traditional, but extremely helpful. Actually more effective than the powerpoint slides. I hated ochem so much before he came along. So much appreciation for this professor because he made ochem doable for me. Draws rxns and mechanisms on the board. Takes his time to explain the concepts and steps!
1528799	Kara	Keeling	5
A very clear-structured course. Clear grading rubrics for papers - even though this may depend on your TA.
Professor Keeling is very passionate about what she discusses, but she isn't so good at making the rest of us passionate about it. Lectures are often dry, and additional time must be spent to view the material, which was usually somewhat interesting. She is a nice person though!
the few times i went to class the things she said were 'interesting', but not enough to motivate me to come to class. i went to lecture maybe 10 out of 30 times? not worth it. take a different one if you can.
Took this as GE6. She is literally the most monotonous teacher ever. Her voice lulls me to sleep even though I drink a full cup of coffee before class. The course so far is not that difficult, but I would prefer to have a good, interesting professor. Not recommended
Great teacher, interesting and informative class. She's very bright and knowledgeable. Doesn't play favorites. Go in with an open mind, and prepare to watch film in a different way. Final and Midterm both very misleading though, would be better with more papers, and scope to express own views. Class is stimulating!
1578486	Tomas	Kemper	4
Thomas kemper is one of the best teachers I've ever had. He has a way of engaging with the students during the lecture and is very laid back and down to earth. I think he is one of the smartest teachers I've ever had. Do whatever you can to take a class with him!
Gets caught up in his own rhetoric - he would go on for 20 minutes making absolutely no sense. Not great at structuring films/readings/lectures into a coherent learning experience, but overall the class is worthwhile. You need the course reader; can probably do without the book.
Lacked conceptual understanding of the material. He could teach the history of the subject but clearly does not understand the creative process behind the films and filmmakers. When it came time to evaluate students' interpretations, he was unable to properly assess our understanding and effort, especially when it came to creative work.
Not awful, but not OHMYGOSHAMAZING either. Occasionally found it hard to follow his lectures, but his outlines helped. Take home midterm, research paper, reasonable final. Pop reading quizzes in discussion with lowest score dropped. My TA was hilarious and an incentive to show up. Watching &quot;A Hard Days Night&quot; in Norris made it worth it.
1582159	David	Clawson	4
Clawson is the best! I'm so glad he is teaching at LMU. He really wants you to succeed and understands that we are new at this, and he only wants to help you do your best work. Take him!
Clawson is a very fun dude but I think sometimes people confuse that to equate to good teacher. He tends to vaguely point out shortcomings without an attempt to offer alternate suggestions. He's also the rare breed of writing teacher who allows his personal genre/tonal taste to cloud his notes. Fun to talk to but don't expect a single helpful note.
In addition to the class being a rollicking good time, I learned a LOT about screenwriting. It was a very good fundamentals class and I could tell my writing improved drastically from the beginning to the end of the semester. I liked that we wrote a new scene each week so we could practice what we were learning and build on previous concepts.
Extremely helpful and always spot on in his comments about your screenplay. Very intuitive sense of story. Loves Indie films, but he lets you write whatever you want. Great sense of humor. I highly recommend him!
1672059	Laura	Serna	4
I didn't love the class, but Professor Serna made the lectures interesting.  She was always very well-organized and clear with her delivery of information.  They don't take attendance in the lectures, but there is no textbook (only a course reader) so you have to go in order to get the information.
Unprofessional, disorganized, horrible. Most of her lecture is spent figuring out technical difficulties and getting herself "together". DO NOT TAKE. RUN.
Her class is not interesting at all. She is very careless about the rules of the class and never clarifies them. Her class is based on only one or two textbooks and is not informative at all. However, her class is easy in content.
Bland lectures. Rather uninteresting professor, passive aggressive but didn't enforce class rules too well. Didn't command respect through teaching style. Was unclear in essay and final prompts, and was inflexible when it came to reassessing problems caused by ambiguity.
57116	Dave	Damus	4
Really enjoyed the class.
Very good
Little man who thinks he's cool.  Very annoying.  Miss this.
No Comments
348772		Heino	4
i took her class a few years ago. she is really nice.  tries to help you and is approachable.
Been a few years since i graduated, but she was cool.
Been a few years since i graduated, but she was cool.
cute teacher
476780	Peter	Vorderer	4
He was a very boring professor and just restated what was in the text. The class didn't fit the description in the course catalog at all, it was more of a psychology class than a comm. class. It was easy to bs my way through, but was incredibly mind-numbing.
So boring and not interesting at all.
Very boring and just reiterates the reading without giving any clarity to it.
What was supposed to be a fun and interesting class (Communication as an Entertainment) was made boring and long by this professor. He seems like a very intellectual and nice human being, but I don't prefer his style of teching for this particular subject.
597178	Sandra	Ball-Rokeach	4
!
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
609567	Randy	Lake	4
Good lecturer, takes time to speak, but what he says is powerful and impactful. Definitely worth taking a class with him, even though he is a hard grader. 
Lake is the worst professor I have ever had in my entire life. His "teaching style" makes me question the sanity of the person who first admitted him to teach at this university. Arrogant, close-minded, rude, ignorant, condescending, unable to articulate himself (he has one job: to TEACH). Do not take any class by him, seriously. Save yourself.
No Comments
No Comments
1183103	Christopher	Smith	4
Very boring class. I had it once a week but the three hours I was in there felt like 3 days. Assignments were easy and it's not hard to do well, but lectures are NOT FUN! I wouldn't recommend taking it. 
He is a great professor - REALLY knows his stuff. My BF and I really enjoyed  Prof Smith's lectures and style.  You have to put the work in and not be intimidated by it. There are reading summaries due every week (nothing hard at all) and papers with very clear prompts. Lectures are entertaining, but don't miss-you'll fall behind.
Prof. Smith is funny, witty, and enthusiastic. I enjoyed his class so much that I almost didn't want it to end. Prof. Smith is such a pop culture guru that he sparks interesting conversations in every class. He encourages everyone to speak up yet he never forces students to share opinions when we rather keep them to ourselves.
Hot doesn't describe it....
1554476	Taj	Frazier	4
When I first stepped foot in his class I was taken back by his vocabulary. His lectures are extremely dense in terminology,  that you'll find yourself spending more time dissecting the information rather than paying attention to  the point he's making. This is a difficult class, but if you put forth the effort you'll do well.
Difficult class, but if you put the work in, you can do well. Professor is very approachable and willing to help clarify things. READ the books assigned!
Course reading is mandatory as the midterm and papers rely on it heavily.  Hard to approach him or the TA's, difficult to understand Frazier's lectures, uninteresting, and he can come off as stand-offish.  I do not recommend this course if it's taught by him.
He's a really, really cool guy in general. but he's a new teacher so his teaching methods are pretty lacking. tlaks too fast, unclear what's important. the papers and midterm are HEAVILY reliant on the readings, and the TAs (this semester at least) grade REALLY HARD. i really disliked this class and feel like i didn't learn anything useful at all.
1634259	Jim	Maritato	4
He dose this thing where he talks at  not to you and i hate it
Professor Maritato was extremely smart, one of the best classes I've taken.
If you're looking for an easy A, this is definitely not it. You'll have to work really hard just to scrape by and get a B. He's not an easy grader by any means, and expects a lot from his students. Sure what you're learning is useful, but it's discouraging to come to class knowing you're barely getting by.
really enthusiastic and willing to help and friendly. I'm not sure if this runs across all Argumentation classes at USC, so it may not be just jims class, but it really is  a heavy load. His exams are also very difficult and borderline unfair. He is really very nice, I just dont think he realizes how heavy of a workload he gives
1805296	Rita	Lauria	4
She was very helpful and had a vast knowledge about the subject. When she would speak her own speaking ability would show in her lecture. 
I had Rita for both speech and writing101. Rita is VERY helpful but can be wishy-washy with how she wants a project to be completed. I agree, she does go on tangents, but its hilarious! She goes out of her way to help students write essays and provides great feedback!
Lauria kept every class VERY interesting. Yes, she went off on many tangents (unrelated to public speaking) but this kept the class engaged. Speeches were fun to do and she grades based on effort and improvement. She has a wealth of knowledge to share and she is HILARIOUS. Surprisingly, I looked forward to attending each class.
This class what not what I was expecting. Not boring and dry. Professor Lauria makes each class exciting and hilarious. She goes off on a tangent a lot, but she talks about really interesting things. No exams, just 3 main speeches w/ smaller ones here and there. Not too difficult, but requires work. Grades based on effort and improvement. Worth it!
1807848	Carlos	Godoy	4
He's the nicest professor at USC. Read the study guides and you will be fine for the midterm. No final, just final project. Class doesn't require textbook, he posts all the readings on Blackboard for you. 
He is such a nice professor. I really recommend people to take him.
Best professor in Annenberg. Very nice and helpful. Read the study guides, and you will be fine in the exams. 
Literally the sweetest professor you will ever meet at USC! He is so helpful, nice, and approachable. If he is teaching a class and you want a super chill/nice professor take his class!
1526139	Tom	Sloper	4
Easy class, but he doesn't do that well with lectures. He is very monotonous and boring
great class. class is pretty easy if you can follow instructions. class also is supposed to go 5-9 but if you finish your work you can leave by 7. if you have to take an itp class or just want an easy class, take this class.
Easiest class I've taken at USC. You write fake bugs for most assignment,s which is very easy.  The professor and TA are very helpful with the in class assignments.  The midterm and final were very easy as long as you looked over PPTs.
Super easy class. Play videogames then write fake bugs about them. Midterm and final are basic, look over powerpoints and you're golden.
1889692	Kenji	Sagae	4
Very useful course
He's a rare combination of intelligence and cuteness.
One of the best professors at USC. He knows his stuff and ensures everyone in the class are all on same page when he teaches.
This was the best class I got to attend at USC. After completing his homework assignment, one can go directly and apply those NLP techniques on large datasets. And he takes a lot of time to answer all question and explaining homework assignments.
1054931	Makiko	Osaka	4
Osaka sensei is really a good teacher. She is well-organized, enthusiastic and encouraging. It was a great experience to learn basic Japanese with her. She helped us lay a solid foundation for Japanese.
Really great Japanese instructor! She teaches with enthusiasm and engages the class with fun activities and examples. Just turn in your assignments on time, go to every class, and prepare for quizzes/exams and you'll do great! :) Not too hard to get an A in this class if you do the work.
Ms. Osaka was a good teacher, and taught with enthusiasm, and she worked to make the material fun. I felt like her tests were difficult and tricky to prepare for, even when I had done all the work and gone to every class.
Very helpful and explains things clearly. Makes learning conversational skills hands so it sticks with you. If you just do the homework and prepare for quizzes and tests, you will do fine.
1090310	David	Bialock	4
I'm actually surprised by the negative comments here. His lectures are rather long, and he does have a monotone voice, but his approach and passion for the subject matter really come through. Very interesting material; he makes sure to take a well-rounded approach to the history and significance of texts which made for an enjoyable class
Bialock is a nice guy, but extremely boring. I got nothing out of his lectures. You will learn a lot more from the books than you will in class. Only about half the class shows up on any given Thursday. 
I took this for GEII & it was such an interesting class. There's quite a bit of reading, but its very interesting. 2 papers, midterm, final. Lecture + DISC mandatory. Very nice professor, nice to talk to, & is passionate about the subject, though monotone & sometimes boring. Easy only if you put effort.
Even though I was somewhat interested in the subject matter beforehand, I hated this class.  Bialock is EXTREMELY boring, told us the ends of books before we read them, and rambled in his monotone voice every single class.  His office hours were completely useless.  Probably the worst professor I have had at USC.
1765460	Maki	Irie	4
Really fun class, great teacher. If you do all your homework and study for the tests, you'll get an A. 
Irie Sensei is an amazing professor. She's very engaging and approachable and makes the class feel like it's recess despite the fact we're learning a lot of Japanese. However, attendance is mandatory so if you're a habitual skipper, don't take this class. And like the previous reviews, Irie Sensei does talk about beer a lot to add a touch of humor
Love this teacher; she is my favorite professor so far. Extremely nice, high-energy, clear, and teaches the material in an engaging way. She also loves to talk about beer haha.  If you plan to skip class though, do not take this class. Participation is a decent portion of your grade as your Japanese conversational skill is put to test every day.
Taught the content pretty clearly in her powerpoints. I don't know how she compares to the rest of the japanese teachers in the school, but i thought she was good. Also, she likes talking about beer a lot. It's kind of funny.
1796752	Sunyoung	Park	4
Amazing professor! She's absolutely brilliant in the subject. The papers are pretty hardcore and sometimes the prompts seem very open, but she gives a lot of guidance if you talk to her one-on-one. The exams required memorization of authors and had some matching. Hard but if you study and go to lecture, it's not bad. She's very kind and helpful!
Korean Literature and Thought Class. A lot of Koreans take this course assuming that it will be easy, but it's not true. As an arts and letters ge, there is a lot of reading and essay writing. Reading and participation are essential. Take good lecture notes. Go to office hours. Professor Park only rewards hardworking students.
She is very nice and strict. Reading is a must in this class but you get to learn A LOT about the Korean Literature. Some of the readings are really good but some are just average. She really tries to help us become better writers and readers. On the last day of class, she even brought food for us! So sweet!
Not an exaggeration: Dr. Park is the absolute best professor I've ever had as an undergraduate. Every single second of her lectures is interesting, and she could not be more clear. I took Krn Lit, and now I'm obsessed with the subject. Do yourself a favor and take her class. (2 tests; 2 short papers; lots of extra credit; generous grading)
398975	Mary	McGinnis	4
Horrible! I agree with all the comments on here about how we need to be like or or else you fail.
Terrible teacher. As bad a teacher as she looks. This person should not be teaching. I heard USC took the program away from the John Tracy Clinic, guess they realized that the program sucked because they employed such bad teachers.
No Comments
Terrible teacher!!! Everything had to be her way or you fail!!! Works for the John Tracy Clinic. It used to be you would go through JTC to get a D/hh Credential. Thank god USC they changed that.
708070	Eugenia	Mora-Flores	4
Professor Flores is the epitome of a teacher that actually cares for her students. She has gone above and beyond to help me become a teacher and stays in contact with me after I have finished the program. I have asked GATE questions to her several months after graduation and she provides great info. She is a great teacher and even better person!
She is the BEST, so caring, knowledgable, wonderful teacher! I want to take EVERY class from her!
Professor was extremely knowledgeable and accommodating.  She made a difficult subject easy to learn and really prepared us for the RICA test.  Class was fun- especially when we got to play games!
She is a great teacher, one of the best!!! Her advice is extremely helpful and easily transfers to the real world...plus she teaches in a fun and engaging way.  You will love it! :)
808464	Andrea	Clemons	4
Very open and extremely helpful.  Great with facilitating discussion without imposing her point of view on the class.  Very knowledgeable about the subject area of TESOL.  Amazing professor overall.
I loved Dr. Clemons' class.  She's very helpful and in a very diverse student population she  differentiated her instruction for the international students as well as scaffold the course materials.  She's very experienced and well-read on the subject and she is open to opinions.  The hotness thing is just a joke, love you Dr. Clemons!
No Comments
No Comments
873247	Rhoda	Coleman	4
Dr. Coleman was wonderful.  I understand some of the students here saying directions were unclear, but for us she told us at the beginning that what she says to do in class trumps the LMS and the syllabus.  So, if you are not listening in class, you might not understand what you are supposed to be doing.  Overall, great professor!
I think Rhoda knows a lot about her subject matter but I spend most of my time just trying to figure out what I am suppose to be doing; between the LMS, Rhoda's agenda and the syllabus I am perplexed all of the time. I wish I could dedicate that time to my studies of the course content. It's really too bad and it makes me question my choice in USC.
She was a terrible teacher for my class. She had to use an syllabus and lms system with outdated information, which wasn't her fault, but she had no clue what were the differences between she wanted us to do vs what the syllabus and lms requires us to do. When we ask questions, she never actually answers the question needed. She just goes around it
Very knowledgable. Seemed scatterbrained at first, but ended up being a fantastic professor- relevant, fair, nice, helpful.
1352051	Jeffrey	Kealing	4
I agree with the other review. Everyone had a bad Keeling story. Didn't "seem" to know as much of the content as he should have. Was not very polite. Couldn't be more obvious who he disliked. Very condescending. Totally turned me off. Absolute jerk! Several people complained to the Chair, Dr Filback, who was practically as much of a jerk. Pathetic!
Everybody in my cohort has a Kealing story: unclear guidelines, changing expectations, and taking off points for no apparent reason. Students who get on his bad side aren't called on as much or have their ideas ignored in class. Worst of all, class was just two hours of him summarizing the readings. It was a waste of my time.
Dr. Kealing was my first professor at USC.  He is a fantastic professor, and really bent over backwards to help students succeed.  He also demanded perfection.  I hope to have at least one more class with him before I finish my Master's.  One comlpaint&#63;  He insisted on being called by &quot;Jeff&quot; instead of &quot;Dr. Kealing.&quot;
Fantastic Professor -- really wants students to succeed.
1376165	Kim	Hirabayashi	4
Tough instructor, but she really pushed me to be a better writer.   Her feedback was very helpful and she was super nice when I would talk to her in person or on the phone.  I didn't have problems with response rate - she always replied to my question. I also liked her focus on APA because it has helped me in the courses after. 
Dr Hirabayashi definitely knows her stuff but is hardcore all about APA format and not necessarily the content of your paper.  Her rubrics are clear and understandable but shes most concerned about APA.  She's often MIA when you e-mail her or have questions unless you ask them in class.  
Good in person, but MIA if you have any questions outside of class.
Knows her stuff and has high expectations. Available and understanding. Take one of her classes if you can.
1481604	Kidogo	Kennedy	4
Dr.Kennedy is absolutely amazing. I wish every professor at USC had her passion. If you are truly lucky to take Dr. Kennedy your life will be changed after taking her class. She has a way with words which make every word feel poetic. She is worth every cent of tuition. Her class is not easy, but you learn a lot. I love ya Dr Kennedy. Fight on!
She's very helpful, clear, and nice. you have to do a lot of reading for her class, but it's all worth it. As long as you do the reading and work hard, you will have an amazing time.
Without a doubt the hardest class in the Education Masters program at USC- got an A, which I am told is unusual, and worked my tail off for every point.  She is enthralling to listen to, very authentic and will go out of her way to make certain you are challenged and exceed your own expectations.  Hope she becomes my DOCTORATE MENTOR!!!
Class was Worth Every Minute.
1611504	Monique	Datta	4
She cares about your success more than some students will!
This class is helpful if you while doing your Guided Practice. I think it's good in the sense that it is open to multiple points of view during discussions and I like that. The only thing that I don't like about this teacher is that she seems to favor certain students over others and it is obvious by how she interacts with them in class.
Best professor in the USC Rossier School of Education, bar none, most helpful, most interesting and the most motivated to help all of her students succeed.
Dr. Datta has a great personality and understands that students in the MAT program areworking students.  She is challenges you while at the same time is understanding and fair.  I highly recommend her to anyone and will be picking her as an instructor any time she is available!
871990	Hank	Koffman	4
Not helpful lectures. We basically have to learn everything from the book. Zero awareness of what to expect for a midterm or a final. RANDOM annoying extra points. Easy to get a B ~ A-. extremely frustrating since grading does not reflect student's efforts or knowledge in the subject matter. Don't take it unless you need to.
Extremely knowledgeable about construction. If you are thinking about construction at all this class is a must. There is a lot of material to learn and memorize but the tests are pretty straight forward. There are a couple of quizzes, a couple of take home quizzes, a midterm, a final and some presentations throughout the semester
hw due every class, lots of reading involved. a couple quizzes, midterm and final. straightforward tests but required a lot of knowledge of material. kind of boring lecturer.
the best program and the best porfessor for Construction Management!!!
916147	Martin	Gundersen	4
I see him as a real genius. In fact, I saw him in a movie called real genius where he played the role of a professor.
He can't explain quantum to save his life.  Half the time he just puts an equation on the board without explaining it.  He changes the homework 2 days before it's due.  He really doesn't care about the class at all.
He really does not care about students
No Comments
984176	Iraj	Ershaghi	4
the course is difficult, as his knowledge and experience of well testing is so strong, when he give you the exam, you will always find you don't know. so need a lot of reading, textbook, and supplemental material.
Though knowledgeable and a genius, I always got the feeling that his work as a professor was more of a hobby. His exams are extremely difficult and insufferably long. He does curve, however, it would have been less stressful if he'd curve on exam basis rather than waiting till the end of the semester and curve the overall grade.

No Comments
1173906	Andrea	Hodge	4
Honestly, this class is very pointless. Prof Hodge did what she could with it, and she's definitely a lot of fun. Still, I slept through most of the lectures. She knows how boring this class is, and she tries to make it less painful - by throwing out candy! Might as well take her, since you have to take ENGR 102. Probably a good prof in AME.
Makes the class really fun and interesting. Very knowledgeable too!
really funny and nice! great 101 teacher! highly recommend
No Comments
1181307	Vincent	Lee	4
He is confusing. It's better to make a study group and you should teach each other. TAs were not very helpful either. Didn't really need the book but I suggest it so you can teach yourself. Good luck. 
I took the class in Fall 2014. At the beginning I was really excited about the course. But as the days passed, I found that the course is of no use as professor just came in class, derived the equations in the same manner as book, hardly explained anything to students or paid any attention towards them. I did not like the class at all.
very bad at teaching and his own written quiz doesnt make sense. tests doesnt have nothing to do with the lectures. try to avoid him.
The lecture is totally useless. and freaking borded. Wasting his time on deriving the freaking stupid formulas without giving any attention to the class. Never offered students to discuss about the course material. Every HW has stupid proving problems and most of them are non sense. This class SUCKS!!!
1255724	Kurt	Palmer	4
Completely unhelpful and vague. He wants you to be able to answer your own questions. He'd also pretty condescending when you don't understand something. Also very picky with getting what he wants on projects, but he won't tell you what he wants.
Straight forward, though pretty inflexible (needs things to be exactly a certain way). Teaches the concepts out of a book, although it's not the book he sells to his class at the beginning of the semester.
His classes offers the best notes! Clear, clean, consistant, well organized, and helpful. He knows exactly what he is talking about. ISE225 is easy, 435 is harder. He has a weird personally. But overall, he is doing a very very good job as a teacher.
Straight Curve is given.
1471284	Thomas	McKendree	4
The effort required was unreasonable for a summer term with 6 required texts.  Class assignments and project seem subjective in nature with objectivity in grading hard to see. Assignments and lecture disconnected. Not recommended.
Heard my friend complain in a prior because he failed him and made quit USC but I took his class anyway(should have listened) because the class is part of my degree req. Professor McKendree was pretty rude through the whole course.very unreasonable in grading.will never go extra step to make u understand something. u will regent.take diffrent prof.
Crammed assignments, excessive reading requirements, unreasonable expectations, tough grading. Not recommended.
Pro. Thomas L. Mc Kendree and his Summer 2010 TA, Indrajeet Dixit: Mainly unavailable and irresponsive,responses mainly short, not very helpful, and TA's responses at times rude, assignments mainly very vague, amount of work for a summer term unreasonably high, the grading system very subjective and at times quite unfair. Not recommended.
1481298	Charles	Campbell	4
Good background, but not friendly, not fair, not helpful during office hours, actually he does not answer questions in a friendly manner outside of the class including office hours. Messy notes. Writing out of the screen most of the time.
Makes too much assumption about the level of understanding of students. Not very caring about level of learning and not a very understanding or caring professor in general. If I could I would of drop this class.
TERRIBLE! WILL WRITE FOR ETERNITY & YOU WON'T UNDERSTAND Anything!!!  AVOID HIM LIKE YOU'RE AVOIDING A RUSH HOUR!
he is so mean on the exam time, he will ask u to stop before times up!
1489052	Steve	Nutt	4
Just awful. Homework consists of paging through the book looking for the question so you can copy it over. The catch? It's a 400 page book, and you have no idea what chapter to read. You will be tested on about 5-6 of the 2000 formulas presented to you in reading the textbook, which is, by the way, the only way to learn anything of the material.
Easily the hardest engineering class I've taken at USC, which is saying something. Teaches literally nothing in class, and tests are on the most random, non-important things in the book. Hardest tests I've taken, lowest grades I've gotten and I blame that almost 100% on the professor. If there is ever another professor offered, don't take Nutt
Steve knows what he is doing in regards to research and grad students. He has no clue about anything about the material for this class though, it is very scattered and the tests were virtually impossible. Unfortunately for us engineering majors, this is a required class, but overall its just a terrible experience. Avoid if at all possible
While I'm very sure that Professor Nutt does excellent research (he's the senior associate dean for research of viterbi), it's quite clear that he does not know how to teach.  His lectures come directly from the textbook, and he is of little help if you ask a question in class. Despite the uselessness of the lecture, attendance is mandatory.
1489089	Julian	Domaradzki	4
I don't know why the previous reviews were complaining, but Domaradzki is really nice and really easy. I went to the first 3 lectures and the last 4 lectures, and I got an A no sweat. Just read the book and ask TA or the professor himself if you get stuck. Also, the exams didn't test programming skill but tested syntax. Extra credit was easy also.
I went to the class a fair amount. Honestly my only issue is the language barrier. I do not understand half of the words he said in class. Also, whenever any students asked a question, he didn't seem to understand the questions and answered them as if some different question had been asked.
A little boring but if you can stay awake the material is straight forward and easy. Domaradzki is super nice and willing to help, just most people don't ask. Lectures are straight word to word from the book so lectures not necessary. Most weeks you can complete the homework and get 100% in the lab. Midterms were hard cause you really had to knowit
Teacher had expectations for students sometimes outside students capabilities. I found myself consistently not understanding homework. His grading is all or nothing. No partial credit. Overall, my grade in the end was fine, but the class was a pain
1531068	Charles	Radovich	4
Radovich's classes require office hours. If you don't have time to go to office hours, dont take his class.
Radovich is the best! Super helpful during 441 and available   when you need him.
Radovich is the man. He goes fast in his lectures, but will slow down and help you understand if you ask. He doesn't grade easily, but that leads you to become more detail oriented to get as many points on quizzes as possible. Easily the best/coolest engineering professor I've had at USC
his grading is so bad, u have to write everything taht he said in class to get full credits. u Must follow his method to solve problems...(for a statics class, one can attack a problem from different angles)....in order to get full credits.
1645680	Arpi	Mardirossian	4
I really enjoyed this class. We covered a lot of interesting topics that I can use for my work. The professor did a great job of explaining things in a simple way.
Not a good teacher to explain the topics but the class is extremely easy if you just learn from the book. One easy midterm and an extra credit project. Easy hw.
Not that great of a prof. Class was not coordinated well at all. Rarely had any homework problems that were related to the lectures. Midterm was amazingly easy but final was harder. Managed to pull off an A- though
Really clear explaining concepts with many graphs and tables. I hardly needed to use the book when studying for midterms. She seems super chill and as long as you go to class you'll be fine. Plus, she's finee haha.
459511	Percival	Everett	4
Lazy. Makes you read your stories in class to avoid having to read them on his own time. Lives of the university's milk but won't do the minimum amount of work.
Smart guy. Scary smart. He has the rare gift of tearing you apart, but at the same time you are laughing as he tells you how awful your work is. He is tied with one other person as the greatest teacher in my life.
No Comments
No Comments
1426729	Michelle	Wilson	4
I thought WRIT140 would be awful but she's nice enough and a decent teacher. Let her give you all the ideas for your essay in conference then roll with her suggestions for an A. Her class is about learning to argue in writing, not coming up with your own arguments. Honestly, from what I've heard, she's great compared to other WRIT profs.
Michelle was really great!  I loved her class and working with her in tutorials.
Michelle is really intelligent and insightful. The only thing is, she taught by pointing out every possible refutation of your thesis and grades you down for it which unfortunately means that you often end up arguing things her way.
Not the greatest teacher and a needlessly hard grader. Avoid if possible.
1636385	Erika	Wright	4
Dr. Wright's lectures were often unengaging and boring. Her reading choices were actually geared more to pre-1800 literature (despite the class being post-1800). Her grading is quite unclear, and she is vague about expectations, even during office hours. Overall, she's nice, but seems a little cold and unwilling to engage or humor students.
Kind of reserved but so nice and smart. Love her, want to take more classes with her. Office hours help, she likes participation.
She is a great professor!  She is a tough marker, but if you go into her office hours, she is very nice and helpful.
Strict professor. Very helpful, good lecturer, and nice, but essays are pretty tough. She has very specific standards, and you'd better follow them. If you go to her office hours she's very nice and helpful.
1852375	Mary	Bendall	4
don't take this class! such a strict grader!!): lots of work load and readings but if you do them you don't need to attend class. Her lectures are often very spacey and vague and there's no structure to the class. She honestly tries to help you as much as she can but isn't very clear/rambles on...she made class and poetry really interesting though!
attendance is not mandatory! Just do the readings so that you can write the paper and you will be fine. Lots of reading and discussion. Class size is small so everyone reads your work and opens up for discussion. Really nice and open to questions but strict grader.
Lots of readings and essays. Teacher was very boring. stay away from this class! She's really abstract. Attendance is not mandatory though. You can learn/read everything from just reading the book. Teacher is really caring about her students. Sweet lady but strict grader.
Such a fun class. Prof. Bendall handed out awesome stories to read and truly helped us refine our writing. The class is small and everyone reads each other's work. I definitely recommend taking this class.
666058	David	James	4
Prof is an expert in film critique field.Expert on esoteric, offbeat world cinema. If you like to sit at a cafe and BS about film ALL DAY LONG,this is your man. Nonstop film critique. He demands alot and pushes your limits beyond what you expect. Class itself demands pre-reading, worth it. Many student love him for the  mental push after course.
One of the best lecturers and film scholars, definitely. Sometimes very emotional - he yells at ppl, haha. But if you don't get on his nerves, you'll be ok. Never be late for his first class. You won't have a chance to take it.
No Comments
Very helpful, easy to talk with, James really loves his subject-matter, usually asian cinema. He's quite brilliant and I only with I could have talked with him more, but maybe I'll bump into him on campus, I think he'd remember me because he's very good with faces. Some people thought he was kind of boring but I didn't at all. I enjoyed this class very much.
671653	Robert	Wagner	4
Very dense material, obviously.  Although his lectures can be convoluted, he is actually very emphatic about the key points.  What is most remarkable is his assistance: he is incredibly supportive and helpful should you engage with him.
He is a real intellectual, his lectures are extremely clear and very interesting
This class was what i was hoping the whole critical studies program would be like.  Wagner is very rigorous, but he's usually willing  to take time to help you understand the tougher stuff.
If you like to engage your grey matter this is the class for you. If not, it's gonna suck hard. Wagner really made me think. After the semiotics lecture my brain hurt. That's a good thing!! Kinda. But the guy is a intellect, makes you work hard, and really makes you engage the material with interested, different and sometimes obscure films. He introduced me to the work of the Brothers Quay, and I will be eternally greatful. Thanks for a great class that I'm still excited by years after taking it. *****
1140735	Don	Bohlinger	4
Studied with Don as a graduate student.  Found him to be unbelievably willing, friendly, bright and consise and considerate class comments.  Best of all Don had and has some rebel in Don, and I said this in the nicest way.  He'd see and find things in your material others wouldn't necessary see.  Brilliant dude.  Happy for all of his success.
Simply the best! Don is a breath of fresh air.  Had a blast in his John Hughes class. His teaching style is open and he is very approachable. You won't regret taking his classes.
The most enlightening class ever.  Don is unbelievably open to discussing and has a great selection of film screenings for class, everything from the good oldies to brand spanking new cinema.  He loves grabbing a beer after class!  His class has been critical in my time in graduate film school.
Don is great.  He gives great constructive criticism in class, and he'll read your stuff outside of it.  He won't give up on you after the class is over, also, if you come back and just want to talk, he's there for you.  Great guy, great teacher.
1255433	Jason	Squire	4
While speakers (including David Fincher) were amazing and Squire's lectures were usually relatively clear and interesting, videos shown in the second parts of class were usually pointless and not tied to lectures/speakers at all. Overall, class was interesting but usually felt very long.
Great Professor! The class isn't too demanding but still very useful, especially if you don't know much about the business but are possibly interested in working in some aspect of it. Easy going, tries to be funny, and has great guest speakers!
Jason is a great professor. He is very, very knowledgeable and awkwardly hilarious. I had a great time taking his intro to screenwriting course. Would highly recommend.
(Currently taking 460 and 495.)  One of the best professors I've had at USC.  He is very fun, and very interesting.  Incredibly knowledgeable.
570093	Lloyd	Levitin	4
You Need to Be Fluent in Accounting - Do not take this class unless you are fluent in accounting.
I learned more from this class than any other in business school.  The real-world examples are gold.  His lectures are well-organized and clear.  He is helpful and cares about the students.
His real world experience is refreshing and valuable.  He is clear, interesting, and the exams are fair.  I only wish he taught more courses.
He is unclear, he rambles about irrelevant topics, and he refuses to provide students assistance outside of the classroom. The material in the course is extremely easy can be found in any basic corporate finance primer. The upside is that you can miss every class and still do well.
998815	Tracey	Seslen	4
Prof. Seslen is GREAT. I'd question the intelligence of the first 2 commenters. Her teaching is very clear and thorough.  She not only tells you what concepts will be covered on the tests, but also goes over specific examples. I wasn't very interested in the topic, but she was nice, and she made it as interesting as anyone could've.
This is a class you can't really miss without falling behind.  That being said, she provides students with all the info, saving you $200 on text books.  The tests are difficult, but much of the class is weighted on the group project, which is pretty simple.
Class is interesting but the way she teaches(rushes everything) makes it difficult to comprehend. She talks alot and for a late class makes it even more dragging. If you can put up with it then goodluck. She also says&quot;ok&quot; every other sentence and that gets annoying.
I'm not really sure she's even a teacher. TERRIBLE! Does not teach. Averages were 19/30. Enough said&#63;  Refuses to help students and confuses the course with a real estate course. I am a 4.0 student and I got a B. Oh, and she eats 5 course meals during tests...
1516673	Eric	Briggs	4
Good prof for finance -- lots of real world
Corp strategy, MBA tier.  Great prof with lots of war stories.  Offered significant career advice and other help when asked.  Good class.
Great prof with lots of real world experience. Has lots of alum employees at his company. Great and varied lectures with some cold calling.
Makes you sign in for attendance and turn in HW. But the tests aren't that difficult and there's a pretty nice curve. Loves to make fun of students in class and tell stories. Wasn't the best at explaining concepts but if you do the HW you'll be fine. You basically just walk through the textbook, his value-add is low but a good no. of people got As.
668720	Karen	Koblitz	4
Karen is kind of crazy but the class is so fun and super easy, mostly filled with athletes
Karen is AWESOME. She's a little out there, but what art teacher isn't? She does require attendance and some write-ups, though, so don't expect to put in no effort for an A. I would love to take another class with her, given the opportunity.
Karen is great! Class is really fun, while still challenging.
No Comments
1371454	China	Adams	4
Very nice teacher, knows her material. Attendance mandatory, most classes are working on your projects, with a few lectures and critiques. Interesting and fun.
She's great and really nice. The class is fun as well.
I LOVE CHINA. I seriously can't imagine a more awesome design teacher. It was my first design class and I was nervous. But she was so sweet and helpful, while also  always giving honest and constructive critique. Super knowledgeable, articulate, and plain amazing!
Very nice person and approachable! She's willing to help you.
1506601	Chris	Barnard	4
Chris is the best art teacher I have ever had, perhaps even the best teacher overall. He is extremely thoughtful and you can tell he genuinely cares. He really urges the class to get to know each other &even brought the class out to lunch& to his studio. He's really supportive of your ideas, but also gives constructive criticism. I learned a lot.
Chris is an awesome teacher, super nice and helpful, and genuinely a good teacher and he cares about the progress his students makes. As long as you show good effort this class should be very easy and fun. The workload is not that bad he gives almost all of every class time to work on projects so it's your choice if you decide to slack off in class
This is an intro level course, so nothing too hard. He's laid-back, he's extremely helpful. I was worried going into it that my prof might be super critical and make the class structured, but he doesn't do that AT ALL. extremely nice and a fun class. Take a little bit of time with hw but it's enjoyable hw at least. :)
This class is very time consuming. There are about 11 paintings total and some times he gives you only a week to do one. There is no text book but plan on spending about $250 in supplies. This is an oil paint class, no acrylics. Chris is a REALLY nice guy but like I mentioned before, there is A LOT of work. Plan on a lot of all nighters.
1780337	Guilan	Siassi	4
Great professor, really helpful and sweet.  Will go over things with you if you ask.  
Guilan is a lovely person with a beautiful accent. Great teacher
Professor Siassi is definitely the best french professor! She is extremely helpful and always available to meet. She truly believes in her student's success! I would definitely recommend her class. The grading is very fair and she makes class enjoyable! TAKE HER!!
Siassi is clear and helpful, best French teacher I have had in 6 years.  She made the class more enjoyable by explaining everything in a way that was always understandable.  She also is always available for office hours.  Fair grader.
1811160	James	Fortney	4
One of the best Italian professors I've had. Makes the material interesting and complements the textbook with outside films and articles. He's very enthusiastic about teaching and really wants his students to learn the language. It's easy to do well if you show up for class and do the work. Always makes the 50 minutes go by very quick!
One of my favorite professors at USC. He really cares and knows about what he is teaching and very enthusiastic in class. Class was always entertaining, he always make the class laugh. There is work but its interesting and relevant, not hard to get an A as long as you do it. Great professor for anyone needing or wanting to learn the language.
I took this class, which is required for my major. I do not think I learned anything about "writing for literature" whatever that means. But I learned that Dr. Fortney does not speak Italian very well. He should go to Italy for a while before he teaches an "advanced" level class again.
The best professor I have had at USC. He genuinely cares about the students. He is also really organized and hilarious.
437860		Koletty	4
Kind of boring. The class wasn't too interesting and he wasn't the most wonderful teacher.
Good teacher. Learned a lot. Must attend class to take lecture notes. Not that hard outside of class, a few assignments, term paper, and manageable reading. Lectures can sometimes be boring but still would recommend class.
No Comments
No Comments
1334489	Jennifer	Mapes	4
Taught mostly from Powerpoints, very monotonous voice. Readings from course reader were more important than the books for the class. Midterm and final required knowledge of the reading for a decent grade. TA's differed greatly in their grading - Daniel was the best though!
She was aight. Decent lectures, but the grades are determined by the TAs and they are so subjective, I have no idea why I got some of the grades on my papers. Class is not mandatory, nor are the readings, but you will do much better if you do both cuz her exams are largely based on what she says in lecture (not slides) and the readings. TAs suck
so boring. talks about rivers, mountains, earthquakes, etc. but not about the details of LA (which is what the class is supposed to be). Did we ever talk about LA or the American Dream&#63; NO.
Watching paint dry at least twice as exciting as her lectures.
1445336	Manuel	Pastor	4
Class is poorly organized and professor talks in monotone. Heavy readings that are never brought up in lecture but are necessary for tests. TAs grade harshly to satisfy their own egos. Course is overall a waste of TIME- don't take it for GE
Professor Pastor is by far one of the most interesting professors that I have come across here; however, that said, his expectations for the class are extremely high. His Lectures are always enlightening but the readings are long and the essays and tests require you to be an expert in the entire class to do well. certainly rigorous if you want an A
Professor Pastor is an excellent professor and he really knows what he is talking about. shows very high interest in his studies of race & class in Los Angeles. but class can get rather boring sometimes. however, this class has sparked my interest in the crime field!
Great professor and very enthusiastic lectures. Invite many interesting guest lecturers. The essay questions on his exams can be quite hard and require knowledge from the lectures and readings. The Mike Davis book is extremely difficult, so I suggest being in contact with him or your TA.
1629344	Andrew	Curtis	4
Really nice guy.  The lab section is a joke.  Gives out midterm and final questions during lecture.  Straight forward multiple choice, and the final project isn't bad
too much work and when you study for midterm....it is a lot!!!! to memorize...crazy
Pro: He knows what he is talking about. Appearance-wise it doesn't seem that he is a credible source of information (he looks like he just came back from trekking) regarding geography per-say but in reality he is knowledgeable as he has real-life experiences. Con: His class have attendance, each time you miss the attendance you lose 0.5% (c)
Curtis was extrememly fun and helpful.  He has a real interest in the material and has some really good stories to drive home his points.  He does all of his teaching using power point presentations which he gives out so you can follow along.  Some of the stuff is difficult but he is very willing to help you out if you have a problem.
248193	Linda	Fazio	4
She is very supportive, engages students in group discussions and encourages sharing of thoughts and ideas by all students. Excellent teacher!
Everyone should aspire to be like this woman.
She's amazing. Everyone should treat this lady with respect, she's a god.
A great humor...will talk about sex and masterbation in the middle of a lecture.  Very intelligent and understanding.  Great professor.
1417991	Nathaniel	Riggs	4
Class is totally straightforward. Professor is approachable.
Completely agree with the previous poster. The class is interesting because Prof Riggs is so engaging and obviously deeply invested in the subject matter. He told our class that he was the president of his frat when he was in college. He is super hot. Basically has the perfect life!
One of best professors I've had at USC. Cares for his class, enthusiastic, fun. I never fell asleep in his class, and respects student's questions and opinions. Would definitely take a class with him again. Class was an easy A, but need to take good notes in class since he doesnt post his lectures online. Nd hes hoooooot
This class is pretty easy... You dont need the course reader really if you just pay attention in lecture, but you need the book for the diagrams. Riggs is awesome and holds your attention pretty well. He's very into his field and it shows. The tests aren't too bad, but he doesn't post slides online so you have to go to class. It helps that hes hot.
1719113	Jimi	Huh	4
Really nice lady but horrible teacher. You definitely needed some prior stats exposure to really do well. Terms and concepts weren't thoroughly explained in lecture and test questions were poorly worded. Definitely the second hardest class I've taken. Try to get another professor if possible.
Horrible teacher, only reads off power point and will repeat her slide if you ask a question. Does not curve class, change her office hours, or communicate with students. Also, her TA and her taught completely opposite concepts and both graded differently. Had to teach entirely on your own and the textbook did a better job than her!
In my 4 years of college, this was the worst class I have ever taken.  Lectures are hard to follow and powerpoints are so badly written that they don't make sense on their own.  Be prepared to teach yourself everything (and teach yourself well, because she is adamant about not curving). Avoid at ALL costs, it was a nightmare
Really does a terrible job of explaining things. If you don't pay attention and basically teach the stuff to yourself on your on time, you're probably not going to do too well in the class.
1819743	Ed	Avol	4
I am not sure if there is anything bad to say about Dr. Avol. He is a great professor! He gives lots of good feedback and really wants you to do well. HP 408 is a decently easy class as long as you show up and some what know what is going on. This was actually my favorite class of the semester! NO TEXTBOOK!
Avol is a great professor. 408 is a very easy class with easy midterm and final. Assignments every week but they are very short and easy. Also is definitely passionate about environmental health, which makes the class more interesting. 
I really enjoyed this class! The homework every week is so simple and takes less than 30 minutes to finish. The quizzes are ridiculously easy if you pay attention to lectures. As long as you participate and chime into discussion then you're good. Definitely would recommend :)
Do not take him if you have a choice.  lot of HW assignments , quizzes, projects. Does not grade fairly.  There were only 4 student in the class and you have to participate a loooottt, and after that he gives 94% for participation, really? what kind of professor does that . Artificially brings down your grade.
484223		Starr	4
He is apparently very knowledgeable but his lectures are just BORING
He is an excellent professor. The most intelligent human being I have ever had the pleasure of speaking with; you should probably only take the class if you enjoy history. If you are one of those historically inclined people like me, it doesn't get any better than Starr!
Do not take him!My class gave him an anonymous class review, and he was so mad because everybody put horrible comments about him. He is very boring, confusing, and lazy-- sits down when he lecture.  I'm a history major and I never understood his lectures.
He is the CA state historian and knows everything about everything. He is the only professor for this course, so get ready. You will be reading  from 5 different text books! Hours of studying as well.
702059	Roger	Dingman	4
he is very MONOTONIC. my whole row fell asleep(posted in my facebook). But he is an ok teacher who has passion for american history
Great Guy.  Too many assignments, but he know's how to teach and a great guy to be around with.  His class should be taken.
No Comments
He's a pretty good guy, and he usually has interesting lectures, or at least as interesting as American history can be. Just has a few too many things going on at one time (like book reviews and quizzes)
1176297	Cynthia	Herrup	4
Dull is right. She managed to sound a bit more interesting than the boring stuff she assigned but that's not saying much. On the positive side, her voice put me to sleep every time and i decided to switch majors thanks to her. history is just boring.
Difficult topics and dull reading, but Dr. Herrup was SO helpful - she was always available to give great advice, and she's a great lecturer. Class is discussion-based and papers are open-ended; you can do just about anything you're interested in. Tough, but worth it! Loved her.
Professor Herrup is really nice but her class is too hard and really boring. There's a ton of EXTREMELY dull reading. don't take this class. She and the TA's grade hard and it seems like they have impossibly high expectations for students.
Possibly one of my favorite professors. Her classes are not easy (I've taken a few with her so far) and require a lot of reading, but she is friendly and accessible outside of the classroom. Don't take her if you expect an easy A, but if you want to learn a lot, highly recommended!
1819060	Jaques	Hymans	4
Good lecturer, good readings. Leading expert on nuclear proliferation.
The man
A lot of reading. 70-100 pages a week of articles & journals. The midterms were a selection of 8 or 10 IDs from a list of over 100 terms and you have to explain them in depth. It is possible to do well without reading, though it's a lot of work. I didn't enjoy this class, but that's because I didn't like the idea of reading 70-100 pages a week.
Interesting class, but pretty difficult. A LOT of terms (150 +) and you have to UNDERSTAND them all. Midterms + final is an essay
1823951	Pamela	Starr	4
Super hard grader. Good lecturer, but really intense and will make you work for your grade. also keeps tabs on attendance. 
Starr is alright. If you pay attention to her lectures, you will do fine.
Professor Starr is incredibly knowledgeable in the US-Mexico relations. Though I'm of Mexican descent, I had little to no interest in the course on day one. Her class opened my eyes to how interconnected and interdependent the we are with Mexico in areas of healthcare, energy, economy and the like. I couldn't have asked for a better professor.
Great professor. Starr is incredibly knowledgeable about Mexico and all of Latin America. Course is based on a midterm, final, and course project. Come prepared to class.
906524	Carlyn	Cartier	4
Her GE class made my life more miserable with all the work and reading than my advanced linear algebra class (and THAT class gives a test EVERY WEEK)
No Comments
She has read a bunch and THINKS she knows about international reltions. The reality of it is that she knows very little though.. I am a business/IR major and frequently found holes in her discussions, ideas, examples. Content could have been super interesting for an IR major. Weakest class I've had so far though.
Dr. Cartier is smart but thinks she is better than she is. Everyone else in the geogrpahy dept. has established a name for themselves....except her. She is a nobody with no significant research agenda. Because she knows she will never amount to anything in the academic world, she takes it out on her students. Beware!!!!!!
1811237	Greg	Bishop	4
Bishop is a tough teacher but a good teacher. Has weekly quizzes on readings (they are not easy, you will have to read and take THOROUGH notes). But out of all my classes I probably learned the most in his class. His lectures compliment the readings. Fair grader. You put in the work, you get the grade. 
Throughout the semester there were three projects and weekly quizzes (not multiple choice). The class itself could be really fun because of the hands on activities and working with others but he demands so much work ESPECIALLY compared to other strategic PR professors. He expects punctuality. 
PROS: lots of guest speakers, share relevant videos and stories, does want you to do well. Disciplined and organised. CONS: All textbook memorisation, expect word to word memory (sorta), not easy test, extreme on-time attendance demand, lots of work. Study tb thoroughly and memorise everything. and you can do well in class. make tb your BFF!
Weekly reading quizzes, mandatory attendance, he doesn't end class early ever, and he has high expectations. He's a relaxed enough guy, not about rules and grades and such. You have to read and go to class to be successful, and there is a LOT of memorizing. He also isn't very clear about what he wants, and he gets upset when too many people do well
1849805	Mike	Annany	4
The comments below said it all. Professor Annany is a fantastic teacher, and he is very sensitive to students' needs. Sometimes, the readings can be heavy, but they are very engaging. Also, the exams are open notes, so if you have read the articles, the exams shouldn't be too hard. Overall, a doable A and I have never regretted taking the class.
Professor Annany is super nice, and he tries his hardest to make the class easy and enjoyable. You don't need to purchase any textbooks (all readings come from online articles). The readings can be dense but engaging at times. If you are a Comm major, I would HIGHLY recommend taking a class with him!
Taking this class currently, and Mike is a great professor. Makes lectures interesting and engaging. After feedback from students following the first exam, he cut our required readings in half because it was too much. I definitely recommend taking a class with him.
He is probably one of the best professors I have had in USC. His exams are open- note. If you are interested in Journalism, this is the perfect class to take. Of course, you will study the history of Journalism, but he will also give you an excellent introduction about what Journalism is about via guest lectures and the readings. Excellent class!
1850576	David	Dreyer	4
Professor Dreyer is okay. He talks alot about himself and makes sure that you know how important he is. He does know a lot about advertising but gets really sassy with students. I like the class but I'm not a huge fan of him as a person. You don't use the textbook. Ever.
He is EXTREMELY annoying when he talks and his tone of voice is horrendous. There is a "field trip" but he does not help to organize with rides. He said the midterm would be concept based and he told us not to memorize but it was ALL based on memory and terms. Pretty unclear with his assignments but easy grader. Text book is $200+ but didn't use it
Best Professor at USC
David is an awesome professor with a lot of real world experience. He's genuine, helpful, and brilliant. He brings in a lot big time speakers with a ton of industry experience. Midterm requires a lot of memorization but it's worth it. The final is challenging and rewarding. TAKE THIS CLASS (he only teaches in the fall)!
683656	Beatrice	Bennet	4
Great class, good professor. The class was all discussion based on the books we read. The books were interesting and there are no quizzes or reading checks, you just have to participate and you will do fine. She grades somewhat difficult on the paper, but the midterm and final are both in class essays that require little to no studying.
She speaks in French at the level of a native speaker and doesn't try to dumb herself down for her students unlike some beginning level professors. Be prepared, she assigns reading after almost every class. She overanalyzes during the poetry unit of the class and focuses more on basic comprehension  during the prose section. But she's a nice lady.
Although she assigns readings after every class, our class didn't do any at home. thru the in-class discussion, we learned it all and did well in the class. easy grader on essays (there are 5 throughout the semester). No exams. very helpful if you ask advice, very friendly. Definitely recommend this professor!
Although we had a story/poem/play assigned after every class, none of us did the reading in advance, and, through in-class discussion, all did well. She grades easily, although she talks in a heavy French accent very quickly
739299	Tatiana	Akishina	4
She is amazing! She took us to moscow, irkutsk, and listvyanka for spring break to study the culture and history. she is super sweet and everyone should take this class.
So I took Russian 1 and Russian 2 from her and I just want to say that out of all the languages I have ever learned, she is the best teacher of language and explains everything perfectly and is the most helpful in teaching and has written 24 books on Russian language, so she knows what she's talking about. It would be foolish to not take her class
Simply put, she has been a precious gem in my education.  She is enthusiastic, knowledgeable, both gifted and experienced in teaching.  She also shows an interest in her students, and I've remained friendly with her even after finished with her class.
No Comments
1507483	Lucille	Toth	4
I love Lucille. She is fun and smart and really committed to her students. She prepares us very well for the tests. We have challenging discussions about French literature and politics. I've learned a lot about French culture. Plus she's hot. 
(at scripps college) Others say she's a tough grader and professor but I haven't really found that. I'm working hard in and out of class, but it's definitely not too hard. She makes class entertaining. She might put you on the spot to speak, but she's not intimidating and very accepting of mistakes. Plus she's funny and great sense of fashion.
homework every day, quiz every week
Lucille is great! She was funny and interesting, our whole class knows each other by name now. She truly wants everyone to succeed and is a great prof for French 1. For any language course, attendance is a must. The quizzes, midterms and  oral were fine, but the final was a bit tricky. Definitely taking her for French 2!
675121	Charles	Whitebread	4
He gives fantastic, relevant lectures.  I'm pretty sure I laughed out loud every time.  This class was hard, but worth the effort.
No Comments
No Comments
You will never be bored in class.  He also teaches an undergrad class that is great.  If you can get to know him out of class because he is agreat rec and knows every judge in the country.
1161783	Ed	McCaffery	4
Awesome Teacher!
The absolute man.  Hands down the funniest, most entertaining prof I've ever had.  His class is 50% jokes and 50% material, so you are almost tricked into paying attention and know all the stuff automatically by the end of the semester.  Amazing and extraordinary professor if you like to be entertained and have a sense of humor.
great class, talented teacher
great teacher!
1619821	Bradley	McAuliff	4
Take this class.
3 hours of weekly entertainment with this professor. He's very charismatic and he tells you which pages to read from the chapter so you don't read all of it. Very easy class, just take notes.
Law 402 was my favorite class here at USC because of Professor McAuliff. He made law fun and interesting. He kept us engaged for our 3 hour class without ever being bored. However, this is a class that you need to read the book, take notes and go to class to receive an A. If you do all of those things, you will get an A.
Love this guy!! He keeps class fun and interesting. He is very passionate about what he is teaching and that helps a lot. Do the reading and go to class.
1690132	Dan	Simon	4
Although the class was interesting, the material was quite repetitive. Your grade is based on only two tests, a 40% midterm and a 60% final, both of the same difficulty level. He does not often check attendance but says it is mandatory, and avoid using your phone because he will call you out on it. Overall, not a bad class to take.
I would not recommend this class. Pretty difficult professor who is not very approachable. Besides that the course is made up of 1 midterm ( 40%) 1 final (60%)  No extra credit or clear direction as to what will be on the tests. The material is interesting, but the course is very difficult.
There is 1 midterm & 1 final so if you do bad on one your going to be sad. Most of the tests are based on the lectures so you have to come. He gives no study guides or review sessions so you have like no direction as to what will be on the test. No extra credit, I would not recommend this class
One of the best teachers I have had at USC. He gives you all the reading but you must do it before coming to class! Only one midterm and one final. His class is hard but you will learn SO MUCH. All the material is super interesting and ties in well. Highly recommended if you are interested in psych & law!
1574802	Rachel	Walker	4
Really boring lectures, not helpful at all, impatient with students even when she asks for questions, unclear multiple choice tests which don't even seem to match up with lecture material, and a useless discussion section. Don't take. Save yourself. Though the linguistics material is kind of interesting. 
Incredibly boring, assignments are unfairly graded because they are unreasonably complicated. No curve, tests are multiple choice, you don't get them back. Long story short, you want to feel like ur back in high school, take her class, everything is formal and by the book no human element.
Super easy if you just show up to class and take notes (although they post notes online if you miss). Problem is that she is super boring, which makes it difficult to pay attention and not just browse online. Nevertheless, an easy A and linguistics is kind of cool, so I recommend for GE IV
most boring class ever. The TA's have no idea what they're teaching, and while the tests are not cumulative, they are a lot harder than any GE course. I definitely do not recommend this class – kills your GPA
1582415	Toben	Mintz	4
NO. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS OR PROFESSOR. Im a business/journalism major & took this class because I thought it would be interesting but it was so boring & the TA's graded the homework super harshly & you are pretty much all on your own for getting a good grade on the tests. On a positive note, you do not need to attend lecture- you learn nothing
DON'T DO THIS TO YOURSELF. Mintz is knowledgeable but not a good teacher and he lets his even less engaging co-professor Barry Schein do a lot of the talking. Lectures are boring and difficult to follow and the class is unexpectedly, unreasonably hard.
While Prof. Mintz may be a proficient linguist, this class is abysmal. It overcomplicates the simplest concepts to the point where you can think of no real-life application for the material. Every exciting aspect you might imagine in the field of linguistics is NOT taught in Mintz's class. This class is cripplingly boring and very disappointing.
He wrote the book, so he definitely knows what he's talking about.  Made the material relatively easy to understand for beginning linguistics students.  A pretty good professor, and definitely much better than his co-prof, Schein.
1848281	Khalil	Iskarous	4
Don't be deceived by the high rating. That was the exact reason why I took the class and now I regret it. The material is extremely confusing for a linguistics class and the questions on the exams are tricky. There are much better GE 4's out there
Super nice guy who's very interested in what he's teaching. Definitely wants students to do well and very willing to help. Does a great job of teaching the course. Homework and midterms are easy, as is the final - would definitely recommend this class and this teacher!!
Super easy class! The professor is so nice that it's literally impossible for anyone to fail the course. He types up all the class notes for you and midterms are extremely short and easy!
Very approachable and wants students to succeed. One of the best professors I've ever had. Very knowledgable.
200159	Andrea	Morales	4
No Comments
Morales was the best teacher I've had at USC, hands down.  She had so much fun with the material it was impossible to not have the same zest for it that she did.
She is very passionate about the material and was very knowledgable and intersting. I recommend her.
Cute little teacher, played interactive video game instead of actual 'work'.
868587	David	Stewart	4
Great prof. Very helpful and makes you want to learn
Great prof. Knows his stuff and really cares about students.
No Comments
No Comments
1560857	Lan	Luo	4
THE GREATEST MARKETING PROFESSOR AT MARSHALL.
Great professor & interesting course. She is easy to approach with questions and understandable if you have to miss a couple of classes. She does take role every class, so attendance is mandatory(if you want the better grade). There are 2 exams that are average in difficulty. Just memorize all the powerpoints & work hard on TMG & your do good!
I really like Professor Luo; she is nice and understanding. She knows her stuff and basically teaches what's practical and useful. The class is not difficult, but attendance and participation is mandatory. Would recommend!
It's an upper-level, so it's understandably difficult.  That being said, Luo has a wealth of experience that really comes out in this course.  While the simulation you play is painful, the lectures themselves are pretty informative.  If you show up and read the cases, you can get a B+/A.
264256	Kim	Sang	4
Very poor teaching skills
No Comments
Know calc before you take her!  She is no help.
awful
1179240	Jay	Bartroff	4
He seems not to care about students. He never looks at the students during the class and he uses different books than the textbook which makes it difficult to follow him.He is also a bit lazy, he never provides the solutions for the homework. However, he is very helpful in the office hours. I recommend this class for PhD students if you have time.
He is monotonous but teaches in a clear and understandable way. His tests are pretty difficult, but he will curve the final grade so that the average is a B/B+ (roughly A for above 80%). Not a &quot;piece of cake&quot; class, but definitely not hard as long as you follow along and do your homework.
Here's a taste of his style: 2 quesions on midterm, 1 is to prove the necess and sufficient cond. for p.d. matrices. The other a bit tricky about mult. normal. Class avg ~ 25, most people got ~ 20 (full score is 100), and he claims it's a fair game. Supp problems for hw harder than those in textbook. Made me less enthusiastic on studying this subj.
No Comments
1278774	Miguel	Dumett	4
I don't think Dumett is a great teacher but by comparison he is one of the best options. He tends to ramble on and goes into detail about things that aren't on exams. My class did the worst overall but I got an A so I thought it was pretty easy. Do the practice problems and don't over analyze the questions. He's better out of class
I don't think Dumett is a great teacher but by comparison he is one of the best options. He tends to ramble on and goes into detail about things that aren't on exams. My class did the worst overall but I got an A so I thought it was pretty easy. Do the practice problems and don't over analyze the questions. He's better out of class
Very good teacher and explained the material well... I felt like he prepared me very well for the final, and i ended up getting an A in the class
Great professor for 218! If you don't understand the material go to his office hours and he will explain it until you understand it. Best professor I've had at usc.
1331678	Gary	Rosen	4
Pretty much taught proofs right out of book. Not fun, seriously put in the work to learn the material because exams are harder than the homework
okay, soooo. I got an A. but i NEVER went to his classes. All I did was, never miss the discussion sections, and practice his old exams (i solved ALL that he gives). MAKE SURE your discussion teacher is cool cuz mine was.. i forgot his name but he basically told us what would be on the test. which was really realy helpful.
As long as you do your assignments and previous tests, you can get easy A.
Teaches way to fast.  Assumes the whole class knows the material and quickly moves on.
1349651	Jason	Fulman	4
Very bad professor. The worst! Basically just ask you to do all the practice problems in the book. I have seen such a prof. Usually, profs will pick some important problems to let you do, but he just ask you to do everything! Boring lecturer! He is so bad, please avoid him! Unclear lecture.
He is one of the most boring lecturers. He doesn't teach the material so its all slef taught. However, hes a really good person and has your best interests at heart. Show up to either lecture or discussion (or none) and you'll do fine. As long as you study for the tests (which are easy) you'll do well. there is a large ish curve.
Waste of time! Not once does he actually introduce and teach a concept. He merely writes examples straight from the book all class on the board. Class attendance is not necessary, you can merely read the book and you'll be fine. Section is also optional. Bad prof. Not helpful at all! If you ditch class and read the book, though its not as bad
Literally a painful 45 mins to sit through. Just stands and writes stuff on the board, speaks in a funny lisp.  Fell asleep in the middle of the afternoon almost every lecture.  Class is really pretty simple.  just go to SI instead
1708606	Georgios	Fellouris	4
He'll explain topics multiple times to make sure everyone understands it and is helpful during office hours. Weekly hw assignments, exams are ok. You could see his passion for teaching - wonderful prof.!
Prof. Fellouris is very kind, he explains things over and over until everyone gets it. there are weekly h.w to hand in (usually straight forward) and he is generous with partial credit on exams. there are 2 midterms not easy but not difficult. If you don't want to stress over stat, He is your guy
okay this professor needs more than that one measly inaccurate rating. i took his stats class because of that stupid rating and i got my butt kicked on the first test. he's really specific in what he wants for the answers so you need to go to class and office hours. however he is very helpful when you do go and ask him questions.
Very easy
1870689	Quentin	Berger	4
Great professor! Extremely helpful and friendly. Explains very difficult mathematical theorems well. Also a fair grader.
Professor Berger is super nice and helpful. If you pay attention in lecture, you will have no problem on the exams. They're really fair and straightforward. Quizzes are also straightforward as long as you do the homework. Never really liked math, but it helps to have a prof who actually is willing to explain the concepts to you step by step.
Terrible professor, could not understand him and could not teach.  25% of class dropped and no one went to lectures would spend 20 min at a time facing blackboard before turning around.
This professor is awesome! He is always willing to help! He allows you to use a cheat sheet for exams! His exams are fairly easy if you attend class and take notes. There is homework, that is NOT collected. However, it does help you for those weekly quizzes! Quizzes are easy if you study/pay attention! Textbook helps, not necessary though.
1881656	James	Zhao	4
If you do your homework and go to discussion, it's really easy to get an A. The professor isn't the best mathematician out there but he does explain concepts well if you ask questions in class. He also lets you create a one page front and back cheat sheet for all tests including the final. Overall, this class was pretty easy. 
He is so funny, cute and hilarious, every time I saw him I want to laugh. Responsible professor, but young and inexperienced. I understand it's hard to teach maths to a group of students who are quite very not smart at the subject, but he tries his best. Not bad not excellent. 
Lectures are more or less helpful, but really make sure you go to the discussion. The questions you go over there are exactly like the ones on the weekly quizzes. 
He's kind of awkward but he tries to be helpful.  His tests are composed of kind of random material though, and if you don't keep up with the material, you will fall behind.
859547	Stuart	Gordon	4
He is the BEST teacher ever!!! Take his class and you will learn a lot from him.
Uh, his name is Dr. Stewart Gordon.
He is the sweetest person ever. Really knows his material, too and includes interesting anecdotes during class. As long as you kinda pay attention in class, it's easy to get an A.
No Comments
1220105	Susan	Helfter	4
She does not care about how students feel while making comments. Sometimes it is quite humiliating. Not everyone in a doctoral program is going to be a professor in music education. She does not encourage one's own thought but strictly out of text book.
FANTASTIC. If you are participating and putting forth effort, you will get so much out of her classes. She's enthusiastic, has great assignments and is such a wonderful mentor. One of my favorite professors by far at USC. Think the world of her.
Avoid.
Terrible teacher! The worst one ever!
1277617	Timothy	Kobza	4
Tim is great! I suggest taking the class P/F but he is very understanding if you talk to him outside of class about your progress. Tests are a bit tricky, so be sure to look at the review (which doesn't cover everything) and ask him about missed questions because midterm and finals test over the same things. Go to class, practice, seek help!!
He's SO talented. I'd take this class just to listen to him play. but it's also a really cool class that's pretty open ended as far as the stuff you get to play. He takes song suggestions and will help you learn anything you want.
A God among men.  The definition of badass.  This is Tim Kobza, a marvelous guitar wizard.  Take his class, if nothing else simply to be stupefied by his glory.  I recommend taking it pass/fail though, as it is not an easy class to get an A in.  I'm doing that now, and am happy that I'm not stressing over my grade.
Simply Put, the man is a god.  The class requires students to work for their grades - pass/fail it if you aren't sure that you have enough time to devote to practice, but take it anyway (he is listed under Prof. Stoubis for some reason)
1805196	Judith	Hirsch	4
She tries to make the material interesting, especially the dry parts!  She's really helpful and is definitely there to answer any questions you might have.  Her section is hard but she wants you to do well and is very responsive in terms of emails and the Blackboard forum
Took this course Spring 2014. She's a brilliant woman who is extremely knowledgable on the material she teaches. Her slides are not crowded because the important information comes from lecture. And since there isn't a txtbook, it makes it easier to just focus on lecture. Also make sure to do the study guide she hands out.
She is definitely the hardest professor out of the 3 professors teaching this class. She goes really fast and presents so much information not on slides. Exams are multiple choice and short answers. She really likes to ask questions based on application. Most students do poorly, but hey, theres a curve at the end. They are very generous.
Challenging professor. Lectures are packed with tons of information, but she explains them well. Testing style is very similar to Herrerra, meaning a lot of application and averages are typically in the 60s. If you like application and being challenged, you will like her. If you are looking for an easy prof, look elsewhere
707069	Stanley	Azen	4
Graduate level class, PM510. Easily the best teacher i had this semester. He is very funny, and straight forward. YOU NEED THE COURSE READER! He is always available to help students.
This professor is EXCELLENT.  He is patient, he is extremely knowledgeable, and manages to teach a very difficult subject with charisma and humor mixed in.  He has a beautiful soul, and it shines through his persona.  Definitely recommended.
Great professor.  Good sense of humor. Will play the piano free of charge at any of our weddings.
No Comments
1714614	Shawn	Roll	4
Doctor Roll is very enthusiastic and helpful. There is a lot of memorization involved. Study for the quizzes, they really do add up. Take advantage of all the extra credit- it'll help in the end. The tests are challenging, especially the lab portion, but doable if you put in considerable time studying. Otherwise, quite an interesting class
Roll is great at explaining details and making anatomy memorable. His exams are difficult but as long as you study, you will pass. The laboratory part of the course usually comprises the last hour of each lecture.If you are squeamish about seeing dead bodies, do not take this class.
Great class
Great Class!
1944920	Thomas	Pashby	4
Doesn't really understand what a GE is. The class was extremely difficult to understand and get a good grade in
This course was challenging but really interesting. I learned stuff I wouldn't get to in any other class.  He really helped me with my papers and gave lots of feedback.  I don't know what the other reviewers expected--it's a writing intensive course so there's gonna be reading and writing.  Would recommend! 
Bad teacher. Lectures are all over the place. Would not recommend taking his class (Conceptions of Space from Zeno to Einstein)
Dont take this class . You will not understand anything in this class unless your other classes are really easy. It is way too much for  a GE, although the topic is interesting. While it is recorded as a "philosophy" class, it is more about metaphysics and physics. It is mostly primary source reading and it is just way too confusing (bad teacher).
1249342	Cathie	Baker	4
Yoga wasn't fun with her. She talked too much.
This class was awful. She talked on and on about her personal life and about her ideology. She canceled at least 5 classes. One class we didn't even do yoga. Study for the midterm, and the final.
The yoga itself is great, but she has a tendency to talk WAY too long about (what seems to me to be) nothing! There are a few assignments and a midterm and a final but nothing too tough. You just have to get through the ramblings, then you'll be fine.
Cathie is the nicest woman ever! great at yoga and REALLY cares about the students.  She is a very very sweet woman and a great instructor.  even though there is a midterm and a final, they are very easy as long as you skim the book.  take this class!
1388990	Carl	Collins	4
Don't think this is an easy grade bump. Def. not. But you learn valuable info that makes you feel a lot safer walking around. Good for guys and girls. Would recommend, but take it pass/fail. He can be full of himself, but he is very skilled and has the right to be. Nice guy giving good skils.
Love his class, he is very motivating and positive.
after having to endure boring, videos about martial arts celebrities squeezed in between being in judo chokehold by smelly classmates, on top of the unnecessarily long paper he makes you write for the &quot;final&quot; i passed with a B+. really&#63; not even this super enthusiastic 'i love this class, and i will come to every class' guy got an A. DON'T TAKE!
Carl will really teach you how to defend yourself well. Talks a lot though, but he has great stories. Grades very hard though for a 1-unit class: had to write a paper for the final and midterms are graded based on ability to defend. Not for someone looking for an easy grade boost, but a great teacher.
1184962	Aiichiro	Nakano	4
Quite often he is very difficult to understand, even though he is very good at repeating. And he often has a attitude that over looking at us.
He is very difficult to understand, even though very patient to repeat.
His homework assignments are very helpful in understanding the materials. He's always very helpful. He knows a lot about the subject. Also puts a lot of effort and time into his class. I totally recommend his classes.
Prof. Nakano is the best professor I've ever had. He explains difficult material very clearly, his lectures are interesting, he relates the material to a wide variety of fields, and he encourages students to apply the techniques he teaches to their own research.
1416352	Itzhak	Bars	4
Brilliant physicist and mathematician; poor professor.  Thoroughly enjoyed the class, even if it pounded me into the dirt.  If you work towards a good grade, you will learn vast amounts of material, though most likely will not receive a good grade.
His lectures are very bad.  He uses powerpoints from the book and just reads directly off them.  He does not connect with students at all, and the tests are extremely hard.  A grade of C on the second midterm was a 19% after the curve.  Avoid him if possible.
Lectures are pointless except for getting points for answering questions, otherwise he lectures straight from the book. Exams are ridiculously hard.

1423549	Moh	El-Naggar	4
such boring class, worst science teacher I have had.
Great professor. Offers detailed explanations of the laws used in thermodynamics. Knowledgeable about applications of biology. Exams refer to the concepts used in homework problems, with slight modifications to difficulty. Definitely a helpful class to take if you are interested in the field.
awful teacher. condescending when you ask him questions and tells stupid jokes that only suckups laugh at. teaches straight out of the book then gives pop quizzes and chooses awful test questions.
Most people seem to like El-Naggar. For me, his lectures sometimes felt like they just rehashed what was exactly in the book. Most of his examples were straight out of the book so lecture really never helped me too much. He's a nice guy and goes pretty slow. Lectures are typically very clear. The exams aren't horrible and most averages were decent.
1345793	Martin	Krieger	4
There was no textbook, no reading, no tests or papers. The grade based on pure projects that required us to go out into the city. The projects weren't hard at all and were interestingfun; they taught some kind of computer skill. Went out of his way to make sure his message was received. An A is definitely possible if you do everything he asks for
I thought I was going to love Dr. Krieger, and this class. He's funny, but incredibly repetitive. The class is far too long, and it became pretty clear he hadn't actually designed a real curriculum for it. His instructions were often vague or contradictory.  
I have never seen a professor who is as helpful as he is. He gives interesting and deliberated organized projects. He teaches you how to use different programs. You can learn a lot from this class either from his personalities or his lectures.  He is great and hilarious. 
He is unclear and boring.  I never went to class but he almost dropped me for that.  Still got a B in his class though.  Be patient and blend into the background in this class.  Bring something to do on your computer to keep you from going insane.  Dont show up late if you do go to class.
1397397	William	Troost	4
OMG...If you don't take him, in every PPD course he teaches you are missing out. There are extra credit opportunities, helps you with homework, etc - basically gives you the road map for an &quot;A&quot;. All you have to do is your part and it practically falls in your lap.
This was the best professor because he actually cares.  The topic is not really easy but he does a great job explaining and making himself available to ask questions to.  He is pretty funny as well!
This professor is excited to teach and knows how to connect with students.  He understands how to convey his point and is cares about his students.  He wants you to learn and will help you anyway he can.  He is the best professor I have had in a long time.
This guy is awesome. If stats is or isn't your thing, take him! He lets you know what'll be on tests by reviewing in class. If you don't get an A in this class, it's entirely your fault.
1642164	James	Osterling	4
Great Professor, really recommend him for PPD classes and any other class he teaches, he really cares about the students.
A professor that I look up to. Genuinely a nice guy. Cares about his students. He teaches with passion and is very knowledgeable about what he teaches. Would love to take more classes from him!
Great Professor who cares for students. Stays an hour extra to help students who don't understand the assignments and homework. Honestly, one of the best teachers at USC i highly recommend. 
Helpful, easy, fun class.
1815353	Donna	Staal	4
Better take another professor!
Dr. Staal's teaching style is scattered and her reading materials are way over the top compared to her simple assignments and discussions. In addition to that, it takes her a few days to get back and she can't be reached by phone, either.  Expect to be graded on the last week of the semester (Late grading).
Staal was passionate about her subject and just as passionate about her students, but her teaching style is pretty scattered. Most of the class was spent on either extremely simple topics and concepts or on her own (extremely conservative) political views - all unrelated to the course subject. Again, she's nice, but the class is a waste of time.
Although Professor Staal has good intentions and genuinely cares for her students, lectures were scattered making it hard to see relevance and grasp already obscure concepts. Professor's choice of reading material is overkill and dense. Will not make concepts any easier to understand.
1853276	Alan	Kreditor	5
Dr. Kreditor seems like he was really cool in his day, but that time is gone.  His lectures have no order and are very random,  talks SUPER SLOWLY,  gives no info about what's on the tests, and writes the tests the day before, so it's totally random as to what you will be graded on. Weekly papers, a midterm, and final. Do not recommend at all. 
I got a a-/b+ on my paper and wasn't given any comments on how to improve! It's clear that the TA is doing all the work, and the teacher either skims or doesn't read your paper unless you ask him to
don't bother your time with this class. Take gish. class is at 8am but at least you know youre not wasting your time
This was the worse class I've taken at usc. I just took the final today (worth 45%), having been told to literally study everything (slides,lecture,books) he gives us a 25 term vocab test with 7 three letter acronyms to define. He's pride is too big cause no one went to class. This test is not at all applied to the larger meaning of the class.
The Best Professor at USC. Anyone that has the chance to take a class with Professor Kreditor should. You learn so much and there is only a midterm, final, and 2 essays. Highly recommend this class, he will open your eyes to planning and is a funny person. Great Professor Great Class.
14900	Gunnar	Nielsson	4
No Comments
He knows his stuff, but can be tempermental both in class and one-on-one.  His story-telling teaching style can be facinating.  Seems to hold grudges with students he doesn't like.
More likely to go off on a tangent or tell a story than to actually lecture.
An Europhile; He doesn't like petty grade confrontation! Subtlety is the key!
1558793	Fayez	Hammad	4
I definitely recommend this class to anyone interested in the topic. He is one of the nicest and straightforward professors I have ever had. I can understand how someone can not like this class because of the topic but if you do like the topic, you will do fine.
Prof. Hammad is very knowledgeable about his subject. Kind and very helpful. Makes the class interesting! A must-take class on a very interesting subject.
Hammad is a little hard to understand, and I find myself zoning out or going on facebook during class, but his Midterms are easy! He gave us all the questions beforehand, so as long as you put the time in to answering the questions then you'll be set. Readings are long and boring, but I don't do them and am still doing fine in the class.
He stuck to facts and arguments. The readings were diverse and always helpful (although often boring). I am not at all interested in the Middle East or IR, but i feel that taking Hamad i got a solid survey of the issues and the scholarship. He was also very nice during office hours. I worked hard to get a B- but it was worth it.
1630175	Lee	Epstein	4
Prof. Epstein is passionate about con law and is an expert in the subject. She is very nice and helpful. Her comments are always perfectly clear. Her classes are extremely well structured. The content of the course is very interesting. Definitely keep up with the readings, it makes classes that much more interesting and she will call on you!
Best professor I have had at USC. She is very, very nice, willing to help, provides great lectures and gives you an incredible insight. Take this class if you are interested in law, politics, or related subjects. Attendance isn't necessarily mandatory, but attend every class, and you will succeed.
Great professor, sculpts class around Socratic Method, great prep for law school. Midterm is 40% of grade and Final is 50% of grade, with 10% being her calling on you in class cold-turkey andasking you question, hope u did the reading when she does!! Go to class and really keep up with readings and u can get a B+/ A-. Find a good study group!
Great professor, she takes lot of time to make everything very clear. Questions 2/3 students each class about the readings, but it is really easy to keep up !
1515342	Jesse	Graham	4
My favorite class this past semester. The material was very engaging. The discussion section was fun and engaging as well. Professor Graham added fun activities during lecture to be more interactive. If you go to class and read the books which are great books anyway, you will do VERY well! Enjoyed this class very much! Highly recommend Prof. Graham
Very good teacher. Only GE that I've actually had an interest in and enjoyed. Tests weren't difficult, but they did catch me off guard a little bit, so make sure to study. Lots of extra credit available. Fairly easy to get an A if you do the work and study a little.
I took Professor Graham for The Science of Happiness and loved his course.Probably one of my favorite classes that I have taken at USC.He's a great lecturer and gives great explanations and examples.Very down to earth and has a sense of humor which makes class more entertaining. I really enjoyed the readings as well and found them to be insightful.
Fantastic class! By far one of my favorite classes of all time. Jesse is fantastic. He is extremely intelligent, enthusiastic, and knowledgeable in his field. He is approachable, helpful, and kind. The class is structured where one day is lecture and the other day is discussion. It is a very fun class that really helps you master the subject. A+
1652674	Danielle	Keenan Miller	4
Best PSYC class at USC! Do not make your decision to take this class based on the comment from 11/27/11, not true at all!
This class was my favorite PSYC class I have taken at USC. It is a great introduction for other classes and Professor Keenan-Miller has a really great understanding of the course material. She is extremely helpful and encouraging.  If you pay attention in class and take notes you will do well and learn so much about psychology. Take this class!
she made the content of the course easy to understand, played lots of videos to help clarify, and conducted online review sessions before exams. her tests and grading are extremely fair. she's incredibly friendly, professional, and approachable. she's also very accessible through appt. or office hours & is always willing to help. she's super sweet!
Seemed nice at first, but turned out to be pretty arrogant. It was hard to take her seriously as she really looks down on students.
1505578	Bruce	Phillips	4
Absolutely loved having professor Phillips. He let us cater our assignments to personal interested and was so positive during class discussions. He remembers little details about students lives, and is very understanding about assignments. I find him incredibly intelligent, rather funny, and extremely kind. Wants students to have fun while learning
SOOOOOO EASY!!!! DONT NEED TO GO TO CLASS!! Super understanding guy, no homework!!!
This was the most boring class I've taken. I was excited to take Literature and Sociology but I ended up skipping a lot of class because nothing actually happened during lecture. I didn't learn anything from this class and I didn't feel a lot of respect for this professor or his intelligence.
Tailored the class to our interests, textbook=his handouts, really nice Professor - encourages you in your interests, grade based on participation and a final paper. I don't think anyone got a bad grade, as in less than an A (if they showed up). Would take this class again in a heart beat.
916294	Elizabeth	Currid	4
Professor Halkett is by far the worst professor I have ever had in my college career. She picks out her favorites, and picks on certain students to grill them . She accused me of plagiarizing a paper with another student because we had "similar Wording", which really were her class-notes that I quoted. Avoid Halkett at all costs.
She really is an awesome teacher her knows her stuff to the T. While you absolutely have to work if you want to pull an A, she clearly selects readings that are valid, useful and definitely worth reading even if it weren't for a grade. Dynamic is a good word to describe her, and if you actually want to learn take her.
Currid is awesome. However, she is not easy-- dont expect to get an A without doing the reading. (It helps to actually do the homework as well) The most dynamic professor in ppd core curriculum
Dr. Currid is fascinating and beautiful.
924638	Joe	Guada	4
I had Dr. Guada for Human Behavior; he was super easy and I didn't even buy the textbook but made out with an A.  That being said, he wasn't very cool with turning in an assignment late due to an unpreventable hospitalization.
Had professor Guada for Human Behavior at Ohio State University and really enjoyed his class. He is clear- prepared and interesting. He has expectations- but they are clearly defines- and predictable. I would highly rec. this professor to other students. His assignments were meaningful.
No Comments
Prof. Guada is clear, nice, and quickly addresses student's concerns and issues
1212822	Carlos	Sosa	4
Fun teacher, very old school, does a lot more conversing with students than textbook and powerpoint stuff. Likes an interactive class and appreciates people who know their stuff. Grading scale is a little skewed and highest grade received in the class was a 93%.
Sosa is a very hard professor when it comes to grading, he is a perfectionist at APA and knows his stuff. He is very easy to get along with and is helpful in class or one on one. I recommend you look for writing help when taking him.
Sosa is tough in class. He's looking for strong ideas/rationale ideas in class! He's a tough grader but he's very passionate about this profession! If writing is not your strength get help when taking him! Great mentor when you meet with him :)
No Comments
1285914	Pat	Sable	4
I am convinced that this woman is senile, as well as academically rac*** (her comments on immigrant communities were shocking)-the department should seriously look at firing her.  She refused to teach ANY of the content requirements, instead focusing upon attachment theory, after we had ALREADY had a semester on attachment. RUN FROM THIS CLASS! 
Way too enamoured with attachment theory. Confused entire class by mixing it up with every other theory. Did not do a good job of separating various theories.
She is without question the best professor in this department in the country.  Take her class!
She goes over Attachment Theory for most of the semester. For class assignments you never know what she is asking for. She is extremely unclear about class expectations.
1447270	Susan	Lindau	4
Great Professor!! i would definitely take her again. She is very understanding and helpful. Not a hard grader and is very knowledgeable.
This was an Advanced Standing course that was taken over the summer, but it was awful. The class was titled "Neuropsychology in Social Work" but all we learned about were her clients! She broke confidentiality several times and did not stick to the curriculum. The most I learned from the class was what I learned from peer presentations!
Very nice woman, kind of a grandmother that you never had :)  easy and supportive. however, the lecture can be boring as she sometimes reiterate the ppt. slides.
LOVE prof. Lindau; she's so sweet and always has great real-life examples to share and discuss in class.
1509619	Shannon	Mayeda	4
This professor is full of knowledge, has amazing examples, and is not boring at all! I wish she was teaching classes I needed next semester! I'd for sure take her again. She's animated, very good at giving examples of the different disorders, and very warm.
Excellent instructor with a lifetime of experience to share. Very reasonable, very personable and clearly motivated to help all her students succeed. One of the best instructors I've had in my entire academic career.
easy, knowledgeable, supportive, and very pleasant professor.

1524963	Dorian	Traube	4
Professor Traube is WONDERFUL ! Practice is by far my favorite class (even at 8am). She is clear, makes class fun, is really invested in us a future social workers and just so kind. I have LOVED being in her classroom and would highly suggest taking her !
Awesome professor. You will learn a lot from her. She creates a nice class environment and cares about all her students. She is always available to meet with her students.
Dr. Traube is always bubbly (even at 8:00 a.m.) and truly cares for her students.  Although she doesn't make practice easy, her goal is to make students the best practicioners she can be.  She won't let students fail without putting in a lot of effort.  I truly enjoyed this class since I felt that the lectures were so well-prepared!  Take her :)
Great professor. She is very knowledgeable.  Her lectures are very engaging and informative.  You will learn and have fun ( great sense of humor). Cares for the students.  Overall I highly recommend taking her.
1654272	Martha	Lyon-Levine	4
She's a really nice person when you talk to her individually, but her class felt like a complete waste of time. She didn't design the curriculum, but the theories discussed are over half a century old, and we are expected to write research papers on them. Her style of lecturing drains all of your energy, and coming to class becomes a burden. 
Unhelpful, goes fast during lectures and gets upset when students ask questions.  She is not clear on what she wants and will mark you down for it. Avoid.
Good professor
She is understanding about the amount of reading required and encourages discussion.  Lots of clinical examples:)  I enjoyed this class a lot!
1666675	Helen	Land	4
Dr. Land was an exemplary professor. She inspired me to be the best clinician I can be!
She is the model professor! She works with you rather than against you. I learned an incredible amount about how to be a therapist. She's awesome!
Unclear guidelines for papers, unable to articulate answers to students questions, cannot remember students names even in small classes or students she has had multiple time - yet places value in participation in class.
Rude, not very nice. Simply put...she is a smart person, but not a good professor and not nice or supportive. Avoid her if you can. Many students would agree.
1670908	Nikki	Cavalier	4
She is very professional and sweet. She respects your opinion and provides a safe environment to vent during the seminar class and is supportive. I enjoyed her class.
easy to get an A, great professor
She is very helpful and nice, tries to make sure students have their needs met.  But seminar isn't a fun class, though its super easy and not that serious
Very nice well talk to you after class, butt the class is very boring
1693860	Nani	Lee	4
Dr. Lee is funny and is very helpful. If you are passionate about an issue she will support you and will guide you in the right direction. She lectures long but that is because she is very knowledgeable and passionate about various issues and she truly cares about her students. She comes from a diverse background professionally. Is a fair grader.
I was not a fan the fist time I took her class, but by the middle of the second time she was one of my favorites. If you care about the cause, she'll back you 100%, and support you outside of class even. An absolute asset! 
She does talk alot, but her assignments are informative and better than other graduate Policy classes. She doesn't just teach you how to create change, shows you and is sure you understand. She's a book of knowledge, and is will to help her students anyway possible. Take her class, you won't regret it.
Lee is very particular and loves to hear herself talk. Her class constantly runs over time. If you're geared towards the Military SW, pick a different professor. She grades fair, and the work wasn't overly hard.
1721820	Harry	Hunter	4
Fantastic, highly motivating teacher. Most of us started with little interest in policy and finished feeling confident and excited about the subject. Complete the asynch by the night before, volunteer in class and you should do well. This professor was probably the best I've ever had.
He is a very reasonable professor he like to put the class in groups and loves open discussion. He will call on you during class and really engages in a students opinion
I have taken Dr. Hunter through the VAC. Great professor and a fair grader.  I really enjoyed his classes.  He expects you to have an opinion and to be prepared to discuss it.
Great professor
1735911	Julie	Emmer	4
Overall Professor Emmer is good, but she is not the most understanding professor. I had two health scares(that required medical care) while I was enrolled in her class and there was a lack of empathy that she displayed. I expected more considering that she is a clinical social worker
Amazing.
I had Julie Emmer for SOWK 503. Her teaching style is one the best. She knows how to make a student understand the material and connect it to daily life. There is a lot of reading, but that is expected. I would recommend you take a class Julie is teaching!
Professor Emmer teaches SOWK 503 and 505.  She is not an easy grader, but she is fair and you will come out of her classes really understanding the material.  I did earn A's in both classes.  The class atmosphere was fun and open, and we did activities that were meaningful.
1759129	Buck	Dodson	4
Professor Dodson is great and presents the material clearly. Enjoyed class discussions and feedback on our papers. He assigns priority readings which is very helpful with time management.
He was very helpful the comments on the papers were the most helpful and he was an interesting professor that was very encouraging in regards to the progress and success of his students
Definitely a far cry better than Blair. He's not an easy grader, but he is fair. Know and understand your theories and you'll do fine.
His class is NOT an easy A.  But he is a social worker, KNOWS and practices these theories, and is always available to you (email/office hours, phone if needed. He hands out unit summaries useful for the midterm and final. And his methods actually TEACH you how to write at social work graduate level.  Will come in handy throughout the program.
1810969	Russell	Vergara	4
Professor Vergara is an amazing professor. He is a hard professor but he makes sure you have learnt concepts, theories and everything in the course before you're done ! He sends inspirational emails throughout the semester and keeps pushing students to do the best!
Yes he is hard, but he teaches!!
Hard grader
Professor Vergara is very focused on excellence. He is very interested in helping you learn, but not a great prof if you just want an easy A. I learned a ton in his class and would take his classes again.
1811034	Dustin	Harris	4
Professor Harris is hands-down the best professor that I have ever had!!!  He speaks to you as a human.  He makes mistakes and lets you know that. His style of teaching is unconventional but very inspirational!!!  He makes you want to learn!  This is what I pictured grad school to be like!
great professor
He was so amazing as a professor. He talks to us as a class and treats us like people. Sometimes a lot of home work but it is not bad. Take him As much as you can.
Take this guy as often as you can! He is awesome! he does not look over papers for you before turning them in, ut he will help you. No tests, just very large long papers in this class. He is great!
1838837	Lily	Ross	4
I have been in two of Professor Ross' classes - Practice with Individuals and Practice with Groups. She is one of the best professors I have had the privilege to meet due to her passion for social work and teaching, her desire to help students and her availability after class to answer questions. Very easy on the eyes, too ;)
just a good teacher
Professor Ross is a good, friendly individual however, if you are a serious student with plenty of knowledge she will harshly critique your work. She put on a front! I do recommend her just beware of letting on that you are more versed than she is -.-
Professor Ross is great, she shares a lot of real life examples based on her personal experiences in the field which I really liked. Text book not really used in class but you will need for papers plus is a great reference to hold on to.
1862337	Wilhelmina	Decastro	4
Extremely unprofessional in manner of teaching and in talk, is not responsible to hand back any assignments or tests.  It is difficult not to get any feedback, thus not much learning can occur
She is a great professor. She not only knows her stuff but she knows how to help you to understand each theory and its importance in the social work field. She is extremely funny and cool. Very down to earth. She expects for you to try your best. I learned so much from her after taking both 503 and 505.
Excellent teacher. She knows and understands the concepts well and teaches them well. Her powerpoints are clear and concise and she's always available to talk about theory during office hours. She grades tough, but just expects understanding of concepts + grad school quality writing.
Good lecturer.  Understood theories discussed in class well.  She does expect a lot from her students.
1887982	Sherry	Blair	4
I thought Professor Blair was amazing. She did a great job facilitating the learning environment and students were able to learn from each other as well as from her and the course materials. I highly recommend her.
Sherry is one of the USC VAC's best and brightest professors.  We had an excellent rapport from day one, and she was most courteous and helpful with the entire class.  Take her suggestions to heart--they'll save you when the time comes to write your papers!
She goes above and beyond in helping her students to succeed. However, if you don't already have a good theoretical base this is not the teach for you. Yes the theories are discussed in class but namely in application, so you better know how they all work!
Very helpful and caring towards a student's success.
1893411	Elizabeth	Misener	4
She knows her stuff and is always available if you need clarification. If you leave her a message, she will call you back and explain it to you until you understand.  The only way to fail is to not be there and not do the work.  Loved having her for 543. 
She is great! She gives hands on practices with vignettes and she is an easy grader. She is approachable and makes classes enjoyable. You definitely have to talk in class, but most of the time its about personal experiences and not the actual book. The book and articles are helpful for discussion and papers but EVEN she tells you don't stress it.
Professor Misner was one of my favorite professors in the program. She makes the content relatable and interesting. One thing I really respected is she didn't shy away from the more controversial topics which I feel is important to discuss as we as social workers will probably encounter them at some point in our career. Take her!!!
Professor Misener is a sweet teacher who is passionate about working with clients. The interventions covered in class are interesting and useful during field placement. She does not explain the assignments clearly so the uncertainty made the 3 papers more difficult than they had to be.
1910279	Stephanie	Carter	4
Professor Carter is a great professor, most of the time. Most of our discussions were race and gender in nature, and she seemed to favor students who are, by a typical stereotype, more oppressed. If you can see past this, you will enjoy her as a professor because she truly is passionate, and she will get you to enjoy Macro Social Work.
Professor Carter is very knowledgable. She clearly outlines what she expects from her students. You must follow the course syllabus otherwise you will be lost. She will make you think about your purpose for pursuing your degree as well as the constant interplay between macro and micro social work. Follow the asych work
Prof Carter seems really nice and laidback at the beginning.  However, unless you write what she lectures in class, she does not like it.  She is a hard grader, but does not give a proper rubric before the assignment.  Do not take!
Professor Carter (VAC) takes a very relaxed and conversational approach to lecture. She is very knowledgeable! You cannot get away with policy error. She knows her stuff. However, the lecture is only supplemental to the course readings and A-synch work. She misses class and grades easy. Not very challenging but coming to class daily helps Get book!
283621	Jane	Bock	4
if you like alot of work take her, taking her is like taking two classes with all the work she gives you
I loved this professor and still wish I was an undergrad so I could take her again!
this professor is very cool and understanding, but is way to demanding, she requires way to much out of one 300 level class, she is a very hard grader when it comes to grammar, but her class sessions are fun and active if you do the readings and summaries for every single class session
Professor Bock, is extremely understanding and interesting. Though she teaches class early in the morning, the class is so interesting that it is defintely worth going to.
1008010	Adele	Pillitteri	4
We barely opened a book--that was a waste of money, shouldn't have bothered buying it. Her lectures are very clear and easy to follow. Exams are NOT difficult.
She's very easy. One paper- 1-2 pages. She's really funny although the lectures can get pretty boring. Buying the textbook was a waste of money, her exams are based almost solely on the powerpoints. Overall, probably the easiest social issues class available!
Lectures can be pretty boring and can cover a lot but she does give you a little break in the middle of class. Very little homework and pretty easy tests. I went to every class, took notes, didn't even buy the book, and got an A in the class. Discussion can be fun with some interesting topics. MC tests are easy, just study notes.
boring class. she's very funny, but she can't seem to make the material interesting. every class is a powerpoint presentation. bring lots of coffee and a good book, and hide in the back.
1250319	Macarena	Gomez-Barris	4
GREAT!!! Lots of Reading but AMAZING teacher!
She assigns so much reading that it is impossible to keep up. It seems like she doesn't realize students have other classes too. There are A LOT of readings every single day. In half a week, she assigned an entire novel to be read. In class she moves much too quickly for students to keep up. Very, very boring class.
No Comments
Gomez-Barris has very strict and narrow ideas about what is valid and what is not good work and scholarship, and sad to say, this view appears to be affected by the race and gender of her students. If you line up directly with her interests, great. If not, run like the wind. She seems benevolent and interested in her students, but she is not.
1438690	Sandra	Gruner-Domic	4
Doesn't make any sense. No one knew what she expected out of the class or what she was saying more than half the time. Talks in incomplete thoughts and jumps around from topic to topic a lot. She doesn't even understand herself sometimes. Don't take her class unless you want to be confused, frustrated, and bored.
She is very nice but it doesn't seem like teaching is her strong point. She is very shy and unsure of what she is saying, which makes it hard to comprehend the material. It almost seems as if the students are helping her teach the class. It is easy to get a good grade, but boring and not a class i will remember in the long run.
Shes a nice person but I cant understand a damn thing she says. Her grammar is horrible as english isnt her 1st language. I get confused trying to understand her questions. Student presentations are better at teaching than her. No midterm/final but pop essays that are graded as pass/fail,no partial credit at all. Readings not as bad as she claims
Not very easy to understand, but she will really work with you to understand the material and her tests are not difficult.  The presentation for the class is also fairly easy.  However, classes are fairly uninteresting, unless you are very interested in the topic, and attendance is mandatory except for three excused absences.
1634233	Christine	Jun	4
Class was very easy, you didn't necessarily have to do the reading because she basically restates it in class.  Midterm super easy (got essay question in advance and used note sheet) and final not too bad.
Great intro course to sociology. Jun is passionate and class participation is highly encouraged--sometimes a little too encouraged as discussion can get off-topic. In-class essays once a week, one term paper, essay-style midterm and final. The books covered are interesting but you don't have to read a page to get an A. TA grades everything.
Great professor. Easy to talk to. Engages students every minute of the lecture. Showed powerful/ life changing documentaries. Didn't use textbook much, since she took over the class. Mainly read scholarly articles that she clarified in lectures. Midterm and final include essays and MC. One research paper - 10-12 pages. TA grades mostly.
The professor is clearly interested in the topic and very good at engaging students in class. This class is not difficult. Weekly in-class reposes, 1 midterm, 1 research paper, 1 final. Everything is graded by your TA. TAKE THIS CLASS.
437387	Jack	Rowe	4
He's a genius.
I bumped into Jack in Rockefeller Center where he was on his way to audition new BFAs and he reminded me to keep trucking. See, I was doubting myself and his general attitude and insights was inspiring just being near it all.
No Comments
Jack is a very helpful person.  Is very personally invested in the success of his students.
1565633	Julie	Welch	4
Julie creates a really positive and supportive class atmosphere so you can feel comfortable stepping out of your comfort zone. The classes are always fun and start with building basic improv skills until we're ready for full scenes. Grade is based on attendance, being supportive in class, and doing the activities with enthusiasm - easy A!
Very good! She is nice, and helps you learn a lot! She gets you out of the comfort zone, let go and just act!
This class is by far the best class I've ever taken. Julie is incredibly helpful and makes everyone feel at ease. The class is hilarious and I look forward to going every week. All you need to do is show up and participate and you get an A.
Julie is a fantastic teacher and this class is a blast! It is an easy A if you show up and participate. I'm kind of uncomfortable with Improv but Julie makes it really easy to feel at ease. I would definitely recommend this class!
1652921	Laura	Flanagan	4
She is definitely the best teacher that I have had at USC! She is amazing! Love her! She WILL make you get out of your comfort zone regardless of whether or not you are a theater major which is actually a good thing!
Laura subbed for our acting 101 class for a few weeks and she was amazing even though we only had her for a short period of time. As a class full of theatre techies, we were all kind of skeptical about taking an acting class but Laura made it fun and enjoyable!
Laura. I just can't. She's absolutely incredible. Best acting teacher I've ever had, EVER. She's not afraid to be direct with you and she makes you so comfortable in making mistakes and learning. Creates a great environment to learn about yourself and your craft. Take her if you have the chance. Again: incredible.
Laura doesn't usually teach this class, but if she is, TAKE HER. Absolutely fabulous. Extremely helpful and gives good criticism without tearing you down. Gives everyone in class the same amount of respect and time. Knows her stuff. Lots of fun. You do have to rehearse outside of class and know your lines. I would take her again if I could.
1784281	Leah	Piehl	4
It's not that the class was that DULL. It just that she doesn't have a real command of the material. She gets mixed up a lot with her dates and terms. But when she gets that really dazed and confused look she is just so hot.
She's not interested in teaching this class anymore than we are interested in taking it. Class is frequently cancelled which is great. She texts us ahead of time so we don't have to get up for it. But then she tries to schedule a make-up class Friday morning which is not OK.
Stage makeup class was what I looked forward to every week. I think not only has it improved my stage makeup skills, but also my drawing skills of faces. I always posted my made up face on Facebook and got great feedback. I would definitely recommend this class to anyone looking for an easy  fun class. Leah is very knowledgable in what she is doing
The sad thing is, Costume Construction SOUNDS really interesting, and it should be. But this class isn't costume construction, it's the history of clothing from the Mesopotamians to the 1800's. Also could be interesting, but the lectures are just SO DULL, it's really unfortunate. Also, lots of ambiguity. 1 midterm, 1 project, and final. Don't take.
1970118	Thomas	Winningham	4
Terry was a great teacher. He may seem scary on the outside but he is a real sweetie 
Terry is baeeeee. genuinely cares about his students
He's the bae. You'll know what I mean if you take the class 
While a little intimidating at first, he's really a good instructor and a good guy. He grades fairly and gives plenty of time to complete assignments. You meet up with him once every other week or so for one on one tutorials that are actually pretty enjoyable. He gives good advice to improve papers and is game to chat about anything.
143457	John	Crossley	4
Great teacher. Open-minded and promotes much classroom discussion. Encourages new and different opinions. Plus, very cute guy. Helpful.
No Comments
Interesting
Nice guy, and very knowledgable.
739289	Robert	Waller	4
Prof. Waller is the absolute man. I had a great time in his class and he really taught me how to focus my thoughts while simplifying my writing. I would highly encourage taking these class as it is not tough but extremely insightful.
Such a chill, open minded professor. I'm really glad I took his WRIT 340. He was always helpful, kind, positive, and patient. Couldn't have asked for a better prof!
He's probably the coolest most interesting professor you could ever get at USC
Prof waller is the best. one of the only classes i look forward to going to every time. take his classes!
761009	Eric	Roth	4
hard grader, picky about small things. takes up a lot of time with multiple assignments due. worked really hard and still only got a B.
Tough grader; but fair. He lets you rewrite your papers, gets annoyed with the verb &quot;is&quot;, and gives you leads for your papers. Still, I expected an A- and worked far too much for a B+. On the other hand, my writing and research skills improved. WRIT 340 would be better if it were optional.
He's pretty hard, but at the end of the day you fell you've learned something. He often grades below your expectations, so you need to do really well to get a good grade.
Smart. Reads everything. But expects you to read everything too. He improved my writing.
875846	Madelyn	Cain-Inglese	4
Easy class, very laid back. She focuses on writing concisely and hates fluff.
Loved her class. Learned so much and feel like I am a better writer today because of it.
One of the best, smartest, and most down-to-earth professors I've ever had. Her passion for the subject matter is contagious.
Harsh and not quite fair grader!!Your final grade is depends on she likes, not how your paper is. Keep telling C is a good paper.Don't take her if you have any other choice!!
1275797	Mary	Traester	4
One of the better professors I've had at USC. She's super nice and understanding, but that doesn't mean it's an easy class. You still have to work your butt off if you want an A, but this applies to the freshman writing curriculum in general at USC.
I am so glad I got Mary Traester for my Writing 150 class. She is very nice and will help you with whatever you need. She grades essays rather harshly, but this is the standard among Writing 150 professors. Attendance is necessary for the most part but classes are engaging and enjoyable. I would recommend this professor to anyone.
A really nice professor! Very helpful and nice all the time!! Very lenient on grading!!! Recommend to take her writing class!
She is amazing! Your writing really transforms after her class. She is nice and approachable and very helpful.
1288362	Clark	Hansen	4
Class Is fun. Hansen is great as a teacher, mentor, and friend. But, if you're not a good writer, then you will not get an  A. Now for those slackers who could care less and would be happy with any form if a B, I will say that You're pretty much guaranteed a B-. For those rare ones who take class to enjoy it, take this one, it's one for the ages.
EASY EASY EASY class. Seriously. I have nothing bad to say. I'm not really learning anything, but it's super easy and he shows Ted Talks during class, which is fun. And he brings in guest speakers. You have nothing to lose.
Hansen was an easy going teacher with easy assignments. The assignments were tedious and almost every week. Even though he's an easy teacher, he gives you whatever grade he feels like even if you follow his rubrics perfectly. Easy teacher but not a fair grader.
Great teacher. He knows how to teach a class and make writing fun. He assigns three major writing assignments and instead of a final you just have to rewrite your first two major assignments and turn it in as a portfolio. I love his nap time and freewriting. I highly recommend.
1571069	Amanda	Boyd	4
Amanda is an excellent instructor, but you have to take the time and put in the effort if you want to do well. The grading is harsh but fair, and attendance really does help. Her feedback is really good; I can't imagine doing well in the class without going to Office Hours. The prompts she writes are interesting and relevant, albeit a bit vague.
Amanda is a so-so professor. Her mind is all over the place and she can be extremely unclear. Her grading seems arbitrary and I feel that my writing improved only marginally over the semester. She is very nice though!
Amanda is one of the best teachers I have had at USC. She is energetic, fun and really wants to help  her students. My writing improved greatly as a result of this class!
very strict professor. not clear with her assignment. she would always explain after you hand in the paper rather than before.
1571114	Lisa	Locascio	4
If you have the opportunity to take one of Lisa's classes, do it! She's funny, passionate about literature, and extremely knowledgable. Her assignments can be challenging but always intellectually stimulating, and I found her to be very flexible. She's also a young professor so she can relate to her students' college experience. Best prof I've had!
She has hilarious Emma Stone-esque humor that never fails to keep the class engaging and light. She does not simply hand out A's, but they can be earned and she is always willing to sit and talk over your work. Overall, an excellent instructor.
Lisa is the best teacher I've had since coming to USC. Every single time she opens her mouth I am engaged, I am inspired to discuss, and I learn. She is extremely helpful one on one and has made me twice as good at writing. I would take any class she taught, even if the description was horrible, just because I knew she would make it the best ever.
She is absolutely my favorite teacher! I'm not getting an A in her class but I don't care because I'm learning so much about writing. She really knows her stuff and has the most expansive vocabulary that she uses to talk about the most interesting things. I highly recommend trying to get her as a teacher.
1611818	William	Gorski	4
Gives great suggestions, helps students learn to write. Beware: if you don't put effort in, he won't help you (as with all teachers).
Over all he is just old and annoying. Was completely useless when going to ask him for help on a paper and when you make the changes he sort of recommends, he then doesn't like them. Stickler about spelling and just un pleasant. Is one of those prof. that doesn't give out A's.
WRIT 150 is a very difficult class in general, but Gorski did a good job teaching us how to write at a college level. Nice guy all around and made WRIT 150 bearable. Grades pretty friendly as well relative to other teachers
I was dreading Writ 340 but Gorski made it fun. He is a fair grader and the class is very doable because the topics are personalized and interesting. He's supportive and helpful and encourages you to use ur own voice in your writing, not copy his. I was never afraid to turn in my work because he's open minded.Couldn't have asked for a better class
1658928	Maggie	Flynn	4
She is definitely a great teacher, incredibly enthusiastic about her job, and this is what makes the class interesting. I have absolutely no interest in writing, but she really made the class interesting and with a good flow. Loved her.
Even though this is a mandatory class, she makes it as enjoyable and interesting as possible. She genuinely wants everyone to do well.
Clear, helpful, well-intentioned. Highly recommended!
The class itself is a pain, and she didn't do much to make it any better. When it comes to the WRIT 140 guidelines, she is stricter than most. She tried to help improve essays, but she wasn't very good at it. She also tried to lecture a few times and was terrible. Her personality is nice, but she can't teach very well.
1730569	Michael	Bunn	4
Best professor ever!!! Super funny, super cool and makes boring material interesting.
I had him for Writing for the Environment and he is awesome! Super funny and just such a cool guy. He really cares about his students and will help you any way he can to improve your writing. I would highly recommend his class!
Best professor ever!! I was dreading this class but it turned out to be one of the most enjoyable classes I have ever taken. Mike is super funny and will make you crack up every single time you go to class. Not only that, but I learned a lot about myself as a writer. Take him now!!!
The best Writing 340 professor you can have, without a doubt. Each assignment is unique & interesting, & you get to decide what you want to write about. I enjoyed this class so much that it hardly felt like I did any work at all. Mike is a genuinely nice & funny guy as well. Take his section!!
1751106	Amy	Meyerson	4
Although she makes an A seem possible at the beginning, it really isn't. She honestly cares about her job, but did little to inspire me to improve my writing.
Amazing teacher! She isn't like all of those annoying teachers that expect you to write their way..she's open minded, clear, and helpful. Her assignments are fun but definitely push you. It's a difficult class but she is a fantastic teacher.
Grades hard but fair, very helpful.
Very helpful to her students, willing to hold as many meetings as possible to discuss papers and writing techniques to make her students be better college level writers. Grades hard, but fair.
1791899	Amy	Schroeder	4
Love this class! The work load is light, just various papers throughout the semester on actually interesting topics. The class is chill and the little homework we get helps with the papers. She's a good professor and def there to help! Sometimes she lets us decide when assignments are due and sometimes what they are so we aren't overwhelmed.
Prof Schroeder is super duper nice and understanding. She's willing to go the extra mile to clarify things with you during office hours or conferences. She's very knowledgeable, but sometimes she's contradictory in her conference and her actual grading so take her advice with a bit of salt and you'll be fine. Trust your instinct when writing :)
In writing 140, you are graded harder than necessary than easier and thus told your writing abilities have improved under their system. This is by no means Dr. Schroeder's fault, and she does her best to get around the problem. She even struggles to read her chicken scratch but is helpful during office hours. She also doesn't require any reading.
One of the best professors I have ever had. Writing 140 is generally a difficult university required course, but Dr. Schroeder wants you to do well and works very hard to keep the class interesting. She is extremely knowledgable and will review your drafts with you--make sure you go to office hours, sooo helpful!
1841252	Seth	Michelson	4
Truly cares about his students. Probably one of the most caring professors I've ever met. An amazing professor who encourages creativity and thought-provoking discussions. Can be a little disorganized in lectures. Not too difficult as a grader compared to other WRIT professors. Just don't do your essay the night before it's due.
One of my favorite professors. Great choice for WRIT140. VERY helpful and knowledgeable person who also has a great sense of humor. Loved being in his class and learned a lot. Highly recommended.
He is one of my favorite professors at SC. He is really knowledgeable and passionate about what he teaches. He is also really approachable if you go to his office hours. I highly recommend you to take his writing class. Not an easy A, but you do learn a lot from him. B is not hard to get.
Chill professor who knows his stuff and grades relatively easy.
1855795	Ryan	Taylor	4
Very understanding and relates to his students. Go to office hours when working on your paper, he helps a lot. Never really any homework other than essays, except for the occasional reading. Kind of a tough grader but makes you a better writer. Highly recommend!
My writing improved a lot because of Professor Taylor. I struggled with the prompts but he was very helpful and patient with my questions. His notes on my paper drafts were invaluable and really inspired me to work harder. As a result my grades improved from Cs to As. Professor Taylor genuinely cares about the success of his students.
It was a hard class and it brought the GPA down but he definitely improved my writing. Essay prompts were confusing at times.
Helpful and funny
1955518	Antonio	Elefano	4
He is just so great. He makes the entire idea of education substantial and meaningful.
He's super passionate about what he was talking about. Lectures were very fun and entertaining. Definitely recommend it but you have to work for your grades, not the easiest grader at all.
Very passionate about what he was talking about. Lectures were very fun and entertaining. Definitely recommend it but you have to work for your grades, not the easiest grader at all.
Great professor! Very passionate and really care about his students. His advices in the conferences are really valuable. I would never imagine myself enjoying a writing class before college, but Professor. Elefano is one of those professors that makes you feel paying 60k a year to USC is worth it. 
1284641	Jieying	Zhang	3
great class
Very organized class materials. PPTs are available online for review. Explain difficult concepts and terms very clearly. Not a very interesting class, but she tries to help every student get better understanding of acct. She covers materials that are most useful and helpful for us non-acct-major students. Very nice person, always availble to help.
4 exams, 4 quizzes, and mandatory attendance. Seems like a lot, but her lectures are clear and organized. She doesn't teach this class like it's full of accounting students. She knows that a lot of people are really uninterested, so she only covers what she feels would be useful in all industries, not just to accountants.
1559792	Daniel	O'Leary	3
Worst professor I've ever met!His course reader: expensive but not helpful at all!  his course: simply let students repeat what happened in the business cases from his course reader! That's right!  Simply REPEAT but NOTHING ELSE!  Too bad this is a required course.  From bottom of my heart, this course should be cancelled forever!!!
Agreeable, well educated, and knowledgeable guy, but not very clear on some topics. A note: grading is not AT ALL objective, but sit at the front of the room and say the dumbest thing that comes to mind in a serious manner and you'll get an A range grade. Otherwise, B.
Good professor.  Knows the material very well and is a passionate communicator.  Difficult to make systems accounting interesting, but did a good job of it. Also, it's refreshing to have a professor that is so organized and committed to the course.
1128538	Dorinne	Kondo	3
really enjoyable class. interesting content and extremely relatable for every student. however LOTS of reading and you have to do them to do the postings every week. she is a tough grader and expects a lot but the class is well worth it. if you put the effort in to meet with her during office hours, she will meet with you. 
Requires a ton of readings, you have to buy like 8 books. Some of the texts are very confusing. Definitely NOT an easy A. Two 5-page play reviews, usually 2 discussion board posts per week on readings, 2-3 Essay topics on midterm and final (all of which are graded pretty harshly). Liberal bias shows through sometimes
Seems kinda scary at the beginning - especially because of her education.  But she actually is fairly down to earth.  She likes when you talk to her about your writing, and writing is the most important thing to her, and thus also your grade.  Class has required discussion board posts for the readings.
699944	Susanna	Seierup	3
I hoped this class would give me a short introduction to architectural history, theory, and design. I was wrong. This is an art class for development of personal craftsmanship (making models), but you will learn literally nothing about architecture. She takes an hour to explain things that could be said in five minutes and seems to confuse herself.
Great intro to Architecture. Helpful with the projects and pretty easy going. Don't miss class sessions. 
Very intelligent and helpful professor. She is very nice and keeps lectures very interesting. Would definitely take another class with her.
813567	Janek	Dombrowa	3
Janek tells great stories but the exam is not clear.  You can skip class and still get a good grade.  Just study together
Genuinely interested in helping students excel in whatever they want to do (whether it's architecture, or just graduate). Janek is extremely patient, kind, caring, intelligent, and one of the best professors I've ever had.
excellent professor, very talented and mindful of student concerns.
1274042	Lee	Olvera	3

One of my favorite studio professors. Lee was great and gave great critiques.
No Comments
1306557	James	Tyler	3
best teacher I've had at USC. He's an accomplished and knowledgable architect as well as too endearing for words.
Greatest ever!
No Comments
1310492	Anders	Carlson	3
Such a great human! Super helpful and a really swell guy!
good professor
i did no like architecture. i took this for credites. but professer carlson made me mad good. hes so helpful but its wayyyyy hard to do well if you dont show.
1761469	Jennifer	Siegal	3
Not helpful, leads project in circles, awful leader for group projects, stubborn
She is one of my favorite instructor. She is very knowledgeable about pneumatics and prefabrication. She let you make your own way to solve an architecture problem. She never force her ideas.
Great teacher! She will make sure you stay interested and keeps the class relatively laid back.  Pretty straight forward class, you do work you get the grade, you don't she'll know.  Overall smart teacher and lovely class!
1812634	Brendan	Muha	3
Muha is a very interesting character. He is very moody and he does not open up to his students like other studio professors.  His class was interesting, his way of teaching is very different.  although it was a bore most of the time, it was not that bad, considering he is only 1 of 10 studio professors that I will have for this major.
He is very good at communicating through critiques both in presentation and at the desk. He really improved my drawing skills and material sensibility.
his feed backs are helpful and very clear however his designs are very boring. He defies the schools curriculum and tries to convince us that he is smarter than everyone. If you can, try to get out of his class!!
1782972	Megan	Luke	3
120 pages of reading a week (!), otherwise assignments aren't horrible, w/a weekly online posting, 2 5-page papers and 2 tests, graded ok. But the professor is way too into it for a GE class. Intelligent but confusing jargon everywhere, and she talks nonstop. Also, she went on witch hunts for tech use in class and trivial academic integrity issues.
she was very helpful, i hated art history and almost dropped the class at first, but i realized it was going to be easy and stayed. there are 3 papers no midterm/final, and you can rewrite the first two papers for a better grade. attendance is taken but just go to class and sit there. didnt read textbook, just went to a few office hours & got an A
Incredibly interesting class but Luke is a very hard grader. She has very high expectations but she cares a lot about the course and what her students get out of it. Great professor but a really hard grader. Definitely go to office hours/speak up in class. She likes students who try.
1684320	Dave	Caron	3
Dr. Caron is a great teacher who has an incredible amount of knowledge of biology. His lectures were interesting and covered the important material well, so if you pay attention it is not necessary to read the textbook. His tests were fair and covered what he said they would. He is also very helpful outside of class if you ever need any help.
His lectures were very boring and he only read off the slides, which is good for the exams. The exams were a lot of critical thinking and long answers, but if you study the slides, you should be fine. He made a lot of political jokes in his class which I didn't appreciate. I didn't open the textbook at all in his class.
He is AWESOME! Funny guy, full of knowledge and wit. Made me love everything we learned about and taught us to think, not just memorize. My favorite USC professor.
1723131	Michael	Jakowec	3
The tests are hard- the curve is nice. The average was around 60% for both exams. Study, study, study - and then maybe you will do better than average. It is APPLICATION. You need to know the base but be able to deduce what would happen.  PURE MULTIPLE CHOICE this year. He writes his own exams.
Best Professor for BISC 220! His final is really simple and, as long as you pay attention to lectures, youll do fine. You dont have to be sart to get an A in BISC 220; you just have to be organized and know who writes which exam and pay attention to that specific professor. This class is usually is the makeit/breakit class for pre-meds. Good Luck!
Jakowec is fine.  Not awesome, but good enough.
1723731	Matthew	Michael	3
Cool guy but the final was ridiculous. Study everything
He co-wrote the third midterm with another professor, and the questions were quite fair. But on the following midterm, which he wrote by himself, the questions were not at all similar and VERY difficult. Don't bother attending lecture. Everything is on the slides. DO read the book.
Lectures are heavily book-based and very well-articulated despite the amount of information presented. Dr. Michael is also very receptive to questions. His exams are brutal and it's best if you commit EVERYTHING to memory that he places importance on. SI is helpful but be prepared for hideous amounts of memorization. Good luck.
1752137	David	McKemy	3
Easy professor! His tests are basically a regurgitation of the info on his slides and it isn't necessary to pay attention in class at all. His lectures are boring, so if you are looking for an engaging professor look elsewhere. The only benefit was that his tests were based on memorization of the slides and his averages tended to be pretty high.
McKemy's slides were easy to follow and his lectures are straightforward. He explains everything very clearly and nothing is really too hard to understand. Not everything he covers is in the book, but out of the other profs for 421 he uses the book the most. Would recommend
He is a very good lecturer, emphasizes very important details; however, 99% of them do not appear on the midterm. The midterm I took was 32 questions, multiple choice and true and false. Each question was worth 3 or 2 points respectively. It was difficult knowing what to study, and the class is not organized as we transfer into the next professor.
1839831	Steven	Finkel	3
He is a entertaining, funny, and enthusiastic. However, to be honest, his explanations are convoluted and unclear. When questioned, he simply repeats it more emphatically and thinks it suffices. I really want to give him a good rating, but I simply can't.
Finkel is a great professor. He makes class entertaining and lighthearted and explains the concepts thoroughly so that you understand them. His test is really easy (average was 82) so make sure you do as well as you can on that first test so that you're not behind the pack.
by far my favorite professor at usc. will try to take every class possible with him. he's very nice and helpful when you don't understand something and keeps you entertained in class. this is one class i actually looked forward to coming to. i guess the not so great part is that there is no curve for his test since he makes it very doable.
1840744	Chien-Ping	KO	3
Ko is a really nice guy but it seems this course was designed for failure. You want an A? You better study every single day, quiz yourself frequently, and use the "optional" textbook because otherwise the best you can get is a B- or below. The tests are ridiculously hard and class average was in about the C range for each test (3). Stay away!
Not very clear about what he expects. Doesn't communicate well as to what will be on tests. Nice guy though. 
Dr. Ko only lectured this class until the end of October. The class average after his first test was a 66.4% (this is a GE class so obviously that is from a large sample of students).That statistic illustrates more than anything I could ever say or argue. Stay away from this guy.
683003	Michael	Quick	3
Best class EVER. Made me love neuro
..
No Comments
1424191	Emily	Liman	3
She definitely tries to make the material clear to students. Exams are really based one her slides. Study the slides plus notes you take, and you'll do fine. Didn't need the textbook. Side note: REALLY study the slide! every detail counts.
Really nice professor. Tells you what is important and whats not. Sticks to the presentation material for exams/midterms. Overall, keeps the class light and interesting.
Emily was a great Neurobiology teacher. She was helpful, intelligent and tried to make sure everybody understood what was going on. She moved a little too quickly, but other than that I had a great experience with her.
200158	Jay	Kim	3
He was great...He did always say &quot;I can buy that&quot; it's hillarious, and I did find him difficult to understand at times b/c his accent is very strong.
No Comments
I can buy that!
566515	Dennis	Draper	3
Very helpful, yet unclear.  He's definitely &quot;HOT&quot;.
I agree with the other reviewer. In class, he is un-helpful, incomprehensible, and somewhat arrogant. Outside of class he is helpful. My biggest gripe is that he doesn't teach anything that is very useful. Literally, he teaches you how to manually do calculations you normally use a calculator for.
His business jargon in class makes you think you're in a language course. He'll dizzy you with undecipherable stories about bank deposits, growing annuities, and the value of your retirement when you're 2 years old. Outside the class, he is the most helpful teacher I have seen. It's night and day.
688488	Earl	Greenia	3
Great real-world course!
Professor is extremely friendly. Great easy going atmosphere. The work load is light but do keep up in order to do well in the class. Overall really nice guy and a good class
No Comments
1121052	Anthony	Marino	3
Not hard as long as you understand the materials well in the slides. No use of textbook, just his slides. You can read his lecture notes too if you want. Easy prof.
You don't need a book for this course because he posts all lecture notes and slides online. He gives you access to prior exams, which are very similar to the exams he gives. He drops the lowest of 5 quizzes and there is no homework or assigned reading.
Took class as an 8:00 am class. Just lecture and has everything in the lecture notes. Tests are entirely based off the lecture notes. Not hard at all if you put minimal effort in.
1288367	Christine	Porath	3
she was pretty helpful and stays after lecture to discuss any questions you have. keys you in on main exam questions but it is a lot of detailed memorization. not too tough, very doable.
she was pretty helpful and stays after lecture to discuss any questions you have. keys you in on main exam questions but it is a lot of detailed memorization. not too tough, very doable.
She's a great looking, professional businesswoman. Her class is all memorization of the leadership terms. You can enjoy the lectures and discussions and watch all the interesting videos that she shows in class, but it all comes down to how much you memorized and crammed before the midterm and final.
1348017	Feng	Chen	3
Overall, Feng is a really good Professor - she's clear, and if you go to lecture you don't need to read the text. This class in general has a lot of assignments - but so do all 311 classes. She's helpful, and fair.
Professor was fine, but the class was pretty ridiculous for being a 2 unit. My biggest complaint is that the 4 topics they choose are pretty haphazard and random-they are completely unrelated, and I'm not really sure what I was supposed to learn. The final is insane, our average was in the 40s. She was knowledgable and understood the topics though.
One of the easiest 311 teachers.  Very reasonable grader and definitely makes an effort to make sure you understand the content.  Don't have to go to class, just read lecture slides and the book before the midterm and you should be fine... A little hard to understand but overall one of the better 311 teachers.
1437562	Shiing-Wu	Wang	3
Wang is pretty good, but make sure to LISTEN AND TAKE NOTES WELL during his lectures.  If you don't you're basically screwed.  80-85% of his tests are straight from lecture, then since the tests are open-book you can just look up the other 3 questions during the test.  Nice guy, you should get an A if you do what I said.
Shanghai trip was awesome with shiing-wu.  he's a character for sure.  show up to class on time and do the 10 minutes of hw a week.
Went on the GLP Shanghai trip with Shiing-Wu. He's pretty chill; really nice. Great experience!
1488845	Victor	Bennett	3
Bennett was arguably my best professor I have ever had at USC. His genuine interest and passion in developing each student still perplexes me. This class single handedly reassured me on getting my business degree and was always a highlight of my week. If you want to get the most of strategy take his class; you will not be disappointed.
Fantastic professor who will push you to learn and think critically while being charming and entertaining
He is a great professor! You can learn a lot for his class.
1586945	Thomas	Knapp	3
Knapp definitely kept the class entertained and is personally an awesome guy. The thing is that there are some assignments where points are distributed based on placement in class (syllabus says "bonus points", but it's actually part of your grade). His enthusiasm might get him into the hall of fame though, probably on his second or third try.
awful, one of the worst i have seen. No real knowledge about the subject he is teaching. Makes student do stupid things.
Objective grader... hard to get a good grade :(
1724657	David	Belasco	3
Dave is such an inspiring guy, and brings out the best in everyone he interviews for the class. It's a unique experience and one of the best I've had at USC. We've had Pete Carroll, Cindy Crawford, a cofounder of Myspace, a screenwriter, a marketing mogul, CEOs, etc. Amazing for anyone who wants to be entrepreneurial in whatever they do.
I have never been more stimulated or more excited by a class. I leave class invigorated and pumped on life!
Easily the most amazing class ive taken at marshall. Dave was an awesome professor, brought in cool guest speakers and tied together all their stories really well. highly recommend this class
1749242	Kathleen	Allen	3
Lots of useless busy work, treated MBA students like they were in high school. I'm glad she brought in guest lecturers since then we didn't have to hear her talk. Left each week saying "there's three hours I'll never get back"
This teacher is horrible. She clearly thinks very highly of herself, and uses the 3 hour long lecture as an opportunity to hear herself talk. If you sign up for this class, be prepared to learn next to nothing while being forced to listen to the most pretentious professor I've ever had. She makes you buy a book that she wrote. Big surprise...
As a computer engineer in my final year, this class and professor were awful. Makes no concessions about importance of her class over career-related work (interviews, information sessions, etc). Condescending, patronizing and impossible to work with. It's her way or the high way. I've heard most business classes are like this - take this with salt.
1808641	Kelly	Patterson	3
The lecture part of this class is unimportant. The discussion professor is the one that matters. You just need to show up to go over cases and take the exams. He was a good professor considering his role.
He repeats everything that is given in online lectures (but every buad304 teacher does) but seems like a really cool guy. basically this class requires online lecs and thats the only helpful thing. lectures are every other week, mandatory, and useless. but ur lecture teacher does not matter, check our your TA's page.
Professor Patterson is a great professor who makes a bland subject somewhat interesting. He is new to USC, having started his career in the USMC at the Citadel, and then going to Cornell - he focuses more on sociology and psych which is annoying, but pay attention to the slides he presents, ask questions, and be sure to spend time on the HW
1811656	Chery	Wakslak	3
Wakslak tried to stimulate some student interest in course material, but, because nothing from the lectures ever makes it onto the test, no one cares to participate. 304 is an awful, useless class, and tests come 100% from the PPTs. Go to class for participation points, but don't bother paying attention.
She teaches the lecture portion of 304 but it does not really help. All the learning you do comes from video lectures and discussions. She is incredibly nice and good at keeping you focused for 2 hours though. I would take her again. 304 itself is a different story so prepare yourself for lots of memorizing of small details from the slides and book
Amazing woman! So much fun!
1894801	Sarah	Townsend	3
Very nice professor and clear lecturer. Always willing to answer your questions. Recommend to take.
The class may be a joke, but Townsend does care about her students and clearly communicates the material.
Prof. Townsend is very knowledgable. She's really nice and answers any questions you might have. She's pretty lenient on deadlines. She'll usually let you email her the HW the next day. The exams are a lot of memorization, but there's nothing unexpected. Overall a good class.
1907319	Omeed	Selbe	3
He was a really good professor, and he made the class very relaxed and informal. He stressed conceptual and applied approaches to statistics that would be useful in a business career. I would take him again, no doubt.
Omeed is a borderline genius and a huge homie. Summer class was laid back and pretty easy but his tests were very conceptual which is a good thing to stress. Did his best to make a boring class interesting and was nothing but approachable and friendly...definitely would take another class with him if I have the chance!
Selbe is an experienced and laid back professor. He's is dedicated to teaching his statistics course in the most simple and relevant ways possible. He is considerate and understanding of his students, and quite literally adjusts his course throughout the semester based on his students feedback. I would rate him higher, but stats just aint easy!
1923927	Cesar	Armendariz	3
Best class I've taken in my academic career
Do not take him.
Wow I did get lucky taking  Professor Armendariz.  He is a wonderful professor and more importantly a wonderful person.  No tests, just lots of presentations which actually help you in the real world.  No reading in the class.  Just take him.  
1972425	Chad	Kendall	3
This was Kendall's first year teaching at USC (& I believe overall). It was definitely rocky in the beginning, with averages of D's on quizzes. But by the end of the semester both he and the class improved a lot. Econ isn't easy overall, but he definitely helped us along the way. Advice: Go to office hours & do ALL the practice problems.
He's a new professor but a very nice and helpful guy. Econ won't be easy anywhere but he doesn't over complicate the subject and make difficult tests. If the test is hard, chances are the whole class will struggle and vice versa. If you don't understand something in the lecture he will always clarify it for you after class or in office hours.
This was Dr. Kendall's first class teaching, and it started off very rocky. Many students were struggling and Kendall had difficulties clarifying topics we needed to understand. However, he ended up getting it together in the last few weeks and most finished just fine. Just GO to his office hours, and review practice exams! The HW helps as well.
741805	Roy	Periana	3
Periana was a horrible teacher.  His exams are nothing like what he &quot;teaches.&quot;  Avoid him at all costs.  If you are stuck with him, study what you're absolutly sure isn't going to be on the test.  Because it will be.
his lectures are boring and are not representative of the material on the exams, nor are the review sessions or even the assigned homework problems, there is no effective way to prepare for prof. periana's sadistic exams
No Comments
1493441	Thomas	Flood	3
Worst professor ever! His lectures are incomprehensible and unclear. He is unwilling to meet you and isn't even there during office hours! DO NOT TAKE, unless you want your GPA to drop!
Dr. Flood is one of the most interesting and professional teachers that I've ever had.  He really knows his subject matter, is detail-oriented, quite fair and patient.  He made me fall in love with science and I subsequently changed my major.
Took an ENST class by him, it was his first year teaching and he wasn't very knowledgeable about the subject--I ended up correcting him about a lot of stuff and i've only taken one other enst class.  Nice guy, extremely liberal but open about it.  Boring but easy class.  Slides on blackboard, no homework, easy 2 midterms and final
1566459	Mark	Thompson	3
He subbed in for Bertolini for about a month and was just terrible. Makes things really confusing in lecture and keeps talking the whole time, no examples or clicker questions. For a class like 105a having to relearn everything from scratch outside of class isn't ideal, so if he's a choice take someone better at lecturing.
Professor was very confusing. He made concepts harder than they needed to be. It was hard to follow him when he over-complicated simple topics.
Dr. Thompson has a great way of explaining things, plus that caring grandfatherly vibe you get from him when you ask a question. Great professor, great class, definitely recommend, although there's very little choice in chem professors at USC anyway.
1895496	Anna	Krylov	3
Accomplished chemist, not so great professor in my book. Tests ambiguously taught material, tests material not covered in the lecture, and has inconvenient office hoursmakes it pretty clear she does not care for you to attend them. Asking questions in class resulted in her looking at you like you are stupid. Had to take for FSH, but be prepared. 
Nearly impossible to follow along - during lectures, she'll skip around and blast through parts, assuming you understand everything. Often she'll say the wrong thing but doesn't catch herself. Went in to review an exam question, and she straight up told me that she never went over it in class (yet she still took points off).
Incredibly accomplished chemist, teaching is questionable. Has an extremely heavy Russian accent which requires constant effort to decipher. Confusing lectures that often require much self-study. Only upside is she often has plenty of in-class demos. Tests are incredibly hard. Not very approachable outside of class, she berates you and is confusing
1803533	Sheldon	Larry	3
Sheldon had good feedback and is overall a nice guy, I enjoyed having him as my prof. Would say that sometimes class time was used inefficiently though, and he has a tendency to ramble .
Amazing class, and I learned a lot in it.  Definitely one of the busiest classes, as it takes about 40 hours out of your week.
One of the most unhelpful professors I've ever had. Every time I've approached him for advice, he was very vague and unclear, as if he didn't really care (or know how to respond.) Class time is used inefficiently, and sometimes he rambles on and on forever. I would try my best to avoid his classes.
659097	Bryan	Burns	3
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
789853	Sophia	Wachholtz	3
She helped me get a job!!!!
This was a great class.
No Comments
1345602	Jeff	Smith	3
He was one of the best professors I had at USC because he really cared about the students.  He brought in many examples of bad writing that we could work on making good writing which really helped improve how I wrote.  He would always respond to emails quickly and I liked the blogging aspect of the class the best.
He has a different teaching style than most, but it is what makes him great! He encourages free discussion and out of the box thinking during class, which makes for interesting off the wall class discussions. He is kind of quirky but he is a great teacher and is very helpful with his comments. I definitely recommend him as a professor.
Smith is by far the most useless professor at USC. He teaches &quot;communication strategy in business&quot; but never really provides any concrete lessons on the subject matter. He is unprepared most of the time, and is unclear on presentation guidelines but grades in a very biased manner (nitpicks about EVERYTHING he personally doesn't like).
1355422	Ben	Lee	3
Very clear minded
If you like a very organized and structured class Lee is great. He is also extremely helpful if you are struggling and has a knack for simplifying material down to the basics. He can be strict, but you will learn a lot from him.
The structure of Prof. Lee's class is similar to that of a 5th grade social studies class... Very basic and very very boring.
1415282	Lana	Swartz	3
Hot in an indie way. Sometimes talks too fast and doesn't use visual aids. Grading is subjective and material is difficult, but that's the class and she tries to help.
good TA
Really great TA that knows her material!
1625185	Paula	Woodley	3
BY FAR the BEST professor I've had at USC.As a double major in business and music industry, I went out of my way to personally take her class because of what I heard through the grapevine. Hard work and amazing results. Academically speaking and life lessons.Can't thank her enough. BTW She just won mentor/professor award for the year from Nikias YE
LOVE HER!! extremely nice/helpful, loves/cares about all her students. great sense of humor, very dramatic/enthusiastic which makes class fun. def recommend this class it's enjoyable and VERY helpful for getting job/career. one of my fav classes/professors at USC and def most useful class thus far
AWESOME!!!! Not the easiest, but wow, she knows what she is talking about, very professional, is VP of many businesses, love her! Very informative class and the material will be used for your potential career, take this class to help you with your career !! LOVE HER! Don't have to get book-Don't read, listen to her, she knows better than the book!
1636425	Jim	Hubbard	3
Take this class!!! It is not that hard and an upper division. You work on one photography project the whole semester and don't have any exams only 2 papers on readings.
chill, likes discussion
Great class, different than most in Annenberg. Teacher is great and really values your input.
1761463	Colleen	Keough	3
I have 2 degrees from USC. In all my classes I have ever taken this is the worst professor of all time. It is mind boggling she ia allowed to teach. Plan on learning nothing, reading a lot of BS, spending a lot of time on irrelevant cases and negotiation exercises. Before class I and other student would pray for her not to show
Though she's sweet, her grading is a bit harsh - especially if your taking her Public Speaking course. I give this professor a an A for personality - but beware of her grading! There are 3-4 speeches a mid-term and cumulative final (which will screw you OVER).
308 is a very interesting class and Professor Keough makes it easy to understand the material. Her exams are open book and open note and there is one research paper during the semester. Definitely a very cool class especially if you want to learn about conflict and how to deal with it.
1846315	Inna	Arzumanova	3
Along with  "inspirational," "there for you," "clear grading criteria," "get ready to read," & "gives good feedback." Lead this course with great enthusiasm, stimulating great discussions. Readings can be difficult, but gave clear analyses. Relatable, charismatic and awesome human being. Would take another class with her in a heart beat. 
Inna was probably my favorite professor at USC. She is so talented when it comes to putting together interesting lectures with great examples of pop culture like The Daily Show, and many others. Such a great personality. She is also a very fair grader and will go as far as giving feedback before you turn in assignments. She is the best!
What an amazing professor! She's probably the chillest person at USC. Hands down. Her class was always engaging, grading was fair, and she is very available via email and office hours. Rarely used the book, but you'll need it for some terms. I got an A in the class and barely read. But Inna is the absolute BEST!!!
1941955	Henry	Jenkins	3
Jenkins is a bit old fashioned, but the lectures are very interesting. The class covers things like science fiction, transmedia, and introduced us to many basic comm theories. First half of the class is done in individual papers and assignments. The second half of class is done all in group papers and assignments. Don't get the books, he posts them
Maybe 2 days of the semester I was actually stimulated. The rest of the time was BS. He's a great guy, very smart intellect, however he should stick do doing smart things and quit teaching. He doesn't know how to come down to our level. Most of the time it felt like he was talking to himself or his TA's. Got a B+ but didn't take away much. 
Class topics are super interesting and Jenkins explains everything very well, making classes interesting.  Gives out questions for you to prep for the midterm, picks out 13 of them for the actual test. Open textbook, but hard to study for, demanding details, essays, not enough time to finish. Final is in groups. Overall great but demanding class
1944621	William	McClain	3
Didn't know what to make of him first class, actually quirkyfunny and intelligent. Definitely glad I got him for this course
This guy is great! And he's hilarious; very dry.  Easiest and most fun class @ USC. He doesn't take attendance, but it's a small class, so he gets to know you after a while. No tests. No quizzes. No book. Little-to-no homework. But he will make you a better public speaker--no matter your skill level. Take this class. You're welcome.
This guy is great. Class is super laid-back and easy. No tests. Minimal homework. Super funny, dry sense humor. Most important: he will def make you a better public speaker, no matter how good (or bad) you are.
1272301	Nenad	Medvidovic	3
If you want to ruin your future, take a course with this guy. He makes certain assumptions about you without knowing you fully. And then once he knows you, he will ruin your future based on those wrong assumptions. That is what happened to me when I used him as a reference.
Very bad with project evaluation.Makes blind assumptions about student's performance.Dosen't have any clue about student's abilities.The course is awesome but the way he evaluates the project & individual team members is the worst of all in USC.(0.5/5.0)
An excellent professor who explains very well and answers doubts and encourages students to participate in class.
1416371	Fei	Sha	3
Very bad experience. Letter grade comes out without telling the examprojecthw scores. Even no examHW solutions !!! HWs are boring and time consuming. 
Extremely busy with no interest to teaching
Makes an already difficult subject orders of times more difficult. Extremely stingy with grades. Unless previously proficient with the subject, very likely to get a grade <=B grade. Wish USC had other Machine Learning professors.
1542534	Gaurav	Sukhatme	3
Sukhatme's a cool guy, but the course is pretty uninteresting. Sukhatme explained anything that needed explaining well. Attendance wasn't mandatory semester I took it, but I hear he made it mandatory for later semesters since nobody ever attended the class - doing the reading is more than enough to get a good grade, lecture just repeats the book.
Sukhatme is awesome! REALLY nice guy.
Good professor
1627662	Gerard	Medioni	3
The course appears easy but a LOT of study beyond what he does in class is required. Project kind of tough but interesting.
Good lecturer and interesting AI programming projects.  Exams out of left field.  Seems to cobble exams from other universities' posted exams, w/o regard to how he covered the topics. You will need to study the topics more broadly than he presents in class.  Lightly covered topics   by guest lecturers will be tested by terminology questions.
Good teacher. Very kind. Very clear. Assignment is beyond the course, but learn a lot. It's worth to choose his class. Also, he contributes a lot to Computer Vision
1637803	Michael	Arbib	3
The professor means well, and he's very passionate about the material.  The work load is absolutely insane.  More than double the amount in any other USC course.  The in-class quizzes are easy & he sometimes skips them.  He wants everyone to succeed, but when he's disappointed in the class as a whole, he sure let's everyone hear it. Kills morale.
Took this class in 2009.  Like someone has said, the workload for this class IS insane.  I got a burnout after this class.  However, exams aren't har, the lectures are nice, and professor is helpful.  He's very knowledgeable in subjects he teaches.  His homework prepare you for PH. D.  Highly recommended if you plan to get your doctoral degree.
This class is easily the worst class I have taken at USC. The professor is nice, but he loads on a ridiculous amount of work with high expectations that are impossible to meet. Avoid this class like the plague.
1870652	William	Halfond	3
I know people who have dropped out of being a CS major (talented people who have excelled in other CSCI classes) due to this class. Completely avoid if you can, and for those class 2018 and beyond, I'm very sorry.
I've only had him so far for a couple of months, but his method of grading is very strange. The class itself is very dry and everything is reliant on group projects -- Halfond seems like a nice enough guy, but I think he needs more experience as a professor. His voice is rather soothing though, but he lacks passion and enthusiasm.
Very articulate course, well planned lectures and assignments. The most of the graduate learning happened in this class.
1893249	Phillip	Foster	3
Phillip Foster's class is easily one of most challenging, exciting experiences a college student can have. From day one, I was plunged into an ocean of knowledge and wisdom that redirected my life and redefined me as a person. When I walk out of that class each week, Foster's teachings follow me and remind me that I am a unique and beautiful indiv.
Lt. Foster is by far the best submarine officer employed here at USC.  Every class is a treat.  My only regret is that I cannot continue to take his classes.  He is an inspiration to all, and his swag is unparalleled.
This man is a god amongst humans. Every day that I walk into his class my body is blessed with his presence and my mood shoots through the ceiling. I can confidently say that had I not had LT Foster's class at USC, I probably wouldn't be the man I am today and I surely wouldn't have the respect I do for submarine officers.
1943288	Laurent	Itti	3
3 assignments, 2 midterms and 1 final. Assignments involved coding and were good. Exams were moderate-hard level. Made concept easy to understand and you don't require to open the textbook at all, if u listen to his lectures. Overall a very good professor.
He goes through the materials very fast, but if you are interested in AI and looking for a through but interesting introduction to the field, it could be one of your most cherished decisions to take this course with Prof. Itti.
Looking forward to take up another course of his!
1821838	Steve	Child	3
Awesome professor, really cares about his students and that they get more out of the class then just a grade, but life lessons that they can apply to their futures and careers.
His digital tools for design class is a ridiculous amount of work for a 2 credit class. This semester we completed 7 projects. If you don't have a lot of time, I would not recommend this class. However, Steve gives interesting lectures, and you will know the programs well after the class is completed.
Steve has different standards for different students and grades on what and who he likes. His opinion on your work constantly changes. To make matters worse, he is very unapproachable and he gets annoyed when you ask him for feedback/ help. While he does have some good things to offer, there are things that must be changed about this course.
1779351	Steve	Lund	3
Can't really explain things well.  Class is basically all memorization.  Good thing he posts power point lectures on blackboard though.
Prof Lund is an expert in his field. He teaches through powerpoints, he is clear, but sometimes glosses over super dense material. There was an in class field trip - do it or write a paper (I think field trip is the better option) - 3 MC exams, non-cummulative. Show up to class as it helps you a lot more than reading text
Lund's class is fairly easy to get an A in if you go to class and study. He took attendance 10 random times. However, you should go to class every time because he puts material beyond the powerpoint on tests. Downsides: he speeds through powerpoints way too fast, he is terrible about having office hours and responding to emails.
1810583	Xin	Zhao	3
Definitely take his classes. He's a genuinely nice and caring person who really wants his students to learn Chinese and get good grades. His classes and powerpoints are interesting. He's always willing to help. Overall, he's the best teacher to learn Chinese with.
Zhao Laoshi is an amazing professor that truly wants his students to succeed. He is pretty lenient with turning in late assignments and making up quizzes. He also spends a lot of time creating games and other material to help you learn faster. There's a fair amount of work but he is always available and willing to help. Take his classes!
Zhao Laoshi is awesome. Super helpful, super nice, very smart, and fairly lenient. There is a lot of work in the course but if you do it you should be fine. Seek him out if you need help! He is a really good teacher because he wants his students to succeed.
1332751	Isabelle	Brocas	3
Good professor, solid class. 
75% is an A and 30% is a -C. She pauses a lot during class which makes the class go by really slow. She knows her stuff and wants her students to know (not memorize) the material. There is no text book. She gives you a couple things she wrote us about each topic. If you like game theory you might like her class. NOT an easy A. No final
clear.
1332753	John	Strauss	3
I will genuinely miss this class. Professor Strauss is incredibly knowledgeable about the microeconomic aspects of development economics, and it was a pleasure to learn from him. He's incredibly approachable, and is genuinely interested in his students. This is by far the best economics course I've taken. Highly recommended.
First class in 4 years I have willingly gone to and was sad to miss. Prof Strauss is the best professor I've ever had and this was by far the most interesting econ class. He knows what he's talking about because he has studied the stuff himself. You have to go to class as the tests are largely based off class notes but there are readings too.
Very knowledgeable professor.  Always willing to help.  If you go to class, take good notes and skim over the supplementary material, you should be fine.  He also gave out extra credit if you read the book, &quot;The Bottom Billion&quot; and met for lunch to discuss it with him.  I had a lot of fun in his class and highly recommend it.
1332756	Yong	Kim	3
He takes attendance randomly throughout the semester and follows his lectures with the book. So as long as you read it, you will do fine on the exams (mostly MC questions). He posts sample tests before the exams too so you know what to expect. I think as long as you read the book, you can get a fairly good grade.
Prof. Kim is a really good teacher. He explains everything really well. Plus he has an awesome English accent which makes everything more interesting.
Prof Kim is super cool. I really don't like econ at all and he makes the class entertaining. He explains everything clearly and applies the material to real stuff going on today to make things easier to understand. He rarely takes attendance, and if you really wanted to, you could probably get around a B by just reading the textbook.
1485949	Jeff	Speakes	3
Extremely smart and helpful. Go to every class and take all notes. Tests are concepts based on the notes. Study them and you will do well. The material does cover some finance, and he uses the housing crisis as backdrop for the concepts covered.
alot of peiple thought it was a hard class but i thought it was a really easy B. I got an A by going to class and reading the book. plus the content is very interesting. his tests are about 10 short answer questions. and he literally gives you 7 of the questions in his review
I love him! He is so incredibly knowledgeable and brilliant. But, GO TO CLASS! Too many students didn't attend lectures which later cost them on the exams since they're based on the lecture notes. Reading the text isn't necessary (I rarely did) but make sure to take excellent notes during lecture because you'll need them to study. Great professor!
1572514	Larry	Harris	3
Too many quizzes !!! But there's no midterm. 
Nice guy, really care about his students. That being said, he teaches a hard class. Work hard and go see him in his office hours and you will do well.
Prof Harris really cares about his students. He had brunches, hikes,lunches and whatnot to get to know students that were interested. However, his class was boring and it was often more useful to read from the textbook than attend class. I know a lot of people struggled. he is used to teaching graduate courses so his undergrad course was difficult
1790197	Joel	David	3
WARNING DO NOT TAKE IT EVER.  If you you can't fit in any of the other professor's classes in you schedule, drop the class but don't take his class. He is really not into it, which makes it super boring. 
He acted like he didn't want to be there--he was boring, cancelled class all the time or let us out 30 minutes early. Basically just read off the slides. The homework and midterm were really easy, but the final was incredibly difficult. I got a "D" which was raised to a B+ by the curve. Avoid him unless you have previous macroecon experience!
Nice guy. 1 midterm, 5 homework assignments, and a final. The class is pretty easy/straightforward until the final exam, which is quite difficult. Aside from the final, I liked him as a teacher.
1884018	Eric	Matolo	3
He is the best professor I have ever seen in USC
Matolo is a great professor. Although his lecture is boring sometimes, it's definitely clear and useful for the exams. He's really patient to his students and tries to explain the questions. If you go to class and practice problems on BB, you will get a  good grade.
I just had to write this because i saw the other comment. Prof. Matolo is not the most experienced professor but he is clearly very smart, has no accent (major plus within the USC econ department) and his tests are very predictable. Now that dosent mean they aren't hard, but if you practice with the problems he puts on blackboard you will do great.
1948443	Lodovico	Pizzati	3
I honestly really enjoyed Pizzati's class. He's a  funny guy, and also very kind and understanding.  He lectures very slowly, but the good part about that is you can't really miss anything he says. Easy A, just go to class; what he lectures will be on the test. The book has extra information you don't really need because he won't test you on it.
Basically, the only thing you can achieve a better grade is to read the textbook again and again because lectures are basically useless. Quizzes are ok, but exams are tough. 
He explains all the concepts clearly but the lectures are really boring. The assignments aren't hard but theres a lot. A lot depends on if you get a good TA. There's bonus questions on all tests which helps boost grades. Overall a really average class, you can do well if you get a good TA 
410058	Dr. Stuart	Gothold	3
Straight foward and fair.  Some material a little dated.
No Comments
No Comments
1013877	Silvia	Rousseau	3
Changed my life.
amazing. will really open your mind
No Comments
1110816	Melora	Sundt	3
Excellent
Great Professor, very helpful
Great
1173689	Margo	Pensavalle	3
Since this is a graduate course, the work level was expectedly high, as was the professor's expectations. However, I found Dr. Pensavalle to be very helpful during office hours. She is extremely knowledgeable in her field of practice and you learn a great deal from her professional insight.
No Comments
Professor was a little icy but the class was interesting and helpful to our observations in the classroom.  Syllabus and assignments were unclear at times but extensions were given under special circumstances.
1244150	Michelle	Riconscente	3
Dr. Riconscente made the material easy to understand, encouraged questions, built a safe learning environment, and made sure all students understood the materials presented.
Great Professor!
Completely incompetent. Some instructors should never be allowed in a classroom--she's one of them. Disorganized, only focused on getting tenure, doesn't care about students' interests, incompetent at teaching, moody, and the list really goes on. Do not take her at ALL! She's incompetent from every angle.
1699295	Brooke	Howland	3
The class covers a lot of material, but attend class, do the reading, and you will succeed.
The course covers a lot of material, but do the readings, attend class, contribute to discussions, and you'll do well.
Methodical, kind, helpful.
1699296	Julie	Slayton	3
Outstanding Teacher!  I really enjoyed her class and I learned a lot.  She is always available to help you whenever you need it.  She provides excellent feedback on all graded assignments.
True education is happening in her classrooms. Lessons learnt through her are carried on and applied to life. Amazing teacher.
Incredibly intelligent and approachable.
1805088	Corinne	Hyde	3
Dr. Hyde is a great professor, but I didn't connect with her the way I have, previous professors. I like to feel connected to professors. You must do readings, since every class has breakout sessions to discuss them. I wouldn't say she's passionate, but she knows her information, answers questions, gives advice when asked. I would take her again.
She was wonderful! High expectations with clear instructions and high levels of help when needed provide every student a roadmap for success!
Dr. Corinne's amazing. She totally believes in student- centered learning and it shows in the way she teaches. Her classes are always engaging and I have learned so much from her. She's readily available to her students, uses visual aids, and she goes beyond the context of the content. When I teach, I'm going to follow her lead cuz she's that good.
1545700	Kimberly	Shotwell	3
She's very knowledgeable about the subject yet she teaches under the condition which students construct their own knowledge. That's why she can be a bit confusing and offer little feedback. Like others who have posted, she's a very tough grader.
Extremely confusing, a terribly hard grader (with no helpful feedback so that you can use the information to improve for next time), in addition to being kinda spacey and inattentive. I would not take her again, EVER.
Confusing.
18548	Ahmed	Helmy	3
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
162611	Don	Shemansky	3
this guy needs to learn to speak, and learn the subject matter
No Comments
No Comments
359526	Erik	Johnson	3
The lecture is quite disappointing. No enthusiasm, nor proper care of students... on the other hand, this man is very proud of his alma mater.
No Comments
No Comments
1000229	Michael	Kassner	3
Great professor, explain course materials clearly.
Best professor I have ever had; best dissertation advisor you could ever want.
No Comments
1062145	Stephen	Cronin	3
It's hard to follow during lectures if you don't already know the material. 
Prof says things that contradict themselves. But an easy class to take.
Definitely take him for 338. Everything is straightforward and consistent. If you write down all the equations on your formula sheets you will do well on all the midterms. The final is more conceptual and graph based, but Cronin tells you everything you need to know in class.
1221113	Robert	Scholtz	3
He is a really smart and knowledgeable person in this field! He wrote a book for this class and it has lots of things that you'll benefit from. It's hard, but you'll enjoy!
Generally, he is nice. He talks slowly in the class, however, as you know, Random Process is hard, and he teaches you a lot. About the grading, I think he will give you a reasonable grade if you study step and step.
No Comments
1268853	Mikhailo	Trifunac	3
Dr. Trifunac is awesome! Quizzes are difficult. But it's way better to do well in quizzes and earn an A compared to going through the pain of quiz+HW+MT! It's almost impossible to earn a good grade on MT's! He is extremely helpful, and so the TA's.
Your grade is based on EITHER your quiz score (note: you must take EVERY quiz in order to use this option) OR your midterms/hw/final scores. The midterms are VERY difficult so make sure to attend class for the weekly quizzes. The book isn't required but I recommend getting it; many of his hw/quiz problems are taken from the book.
Do well on the quiz = A, MUST go to both discussion sessions even if you don't sign up for both, the TAs are really, really helpful!
1274700	Babak	Boloury	3
He is a dedicated instructor and very good at teaching. If you like the subject, he is right for you. He does not just give out easy high grades. You must earn your grade. but because he teaches well, you have an opportunity to learn well and Ace this class, just like I did!
No Comments
Good teacher. Explains concepts well and cares about his students. Says &quot;basically&quot; a lot..
1362474	Erich	Kreidler	3
One of the best professors I have ever had and interesting course I have ever taken.
Excellent

1492598	Ashok	Patel	3
Professor Patel is a very nice man but his lectures were painfully boring. he likes it when you make an effort to understand but he is difficult to catch up with during office hours. if you work at it and spend time on the homework you will be able to understand the concepts and he is really nice with his curve. make sure you don't fall behind!
Going to class was definitely a must, he bases questions off lecture notes and actually cares that you're there. Solutions to homework were never too helpful, but if you look at the examples in class you can usually understand the course. Overall good professor.
Nice guy...not very organized. Lectures left out important concepts and text is written for someone that already understands basic probability (I used a supplement). Also, hard to get in to talk to him for office hours (I could only catch him right after lecture). Homework was comprehensive, but solutions were full of errors/incomplete.
1511018	Daniel	Lidar	3
Crystal Clear. Better than most of the math professors here. Take his EE-241 class
Great professor. Very clear, slow, and steady. He's very nice, makes jokes once in a while, and offers a break halfway through the class because he knows people are tired. He's an overall great professor and I'd take this over CalcIII any day.
Excellent professor.
1541116	Geza	Bottlik	3
Bottlik is very easily amused and laughs at stuff a 10-year old would laugh at. He tells a stupid stories in class and does not really teach much- he just makes students read from the book to learn material; it makes me doubt if he even knows it himself. However, he gives a lot of partial credit and open book/notes on all quiz/tests.
Excellent teacher. Never fails to relate course material to real-life situations. Very approachable too
lectures are kinda a waste of time; he sits around and tells stories, focusing on the parts of the material he still understands/remembers. Class is pretty easy, although I know he graded harder on some people than others (think he has favorites)... so get on his good side and you should be good to get an A, even if you don't learn a whole lot.
1556599	Massoud	Pirbazari	3
he is very condescending, he interrupts whenever we speak or ask questions, very unhelpful because he wont even let you finish asking your question without interrupting. very knowledgeable in the field.
He tends to be very monotonous but he tries to keep you awake by asking questions frequently. The problem is that his questions are very vague and often when you ask for clarification he just assumes you don't know what you're talking about and answers it himself, usually condescendingly. Really knows his stuff though.
This class is chemistry based, but don't worry theres not that much chemistry used during it. No phones or laptops in class and mandatory attendence. He will know your name by a week or two in and calls on people constantly to answer questions.
1581152	Petros	Ioannou	3
His lecture note was literally a copy of the textbook, only a lousier one. Better to read on your own than to go to class.
He lectures are boring.
He should be taught a Lesson to teach and heLp students!!
1602940	Carl	Kesselman	3
Awful; avoid at all cost. A class where you have to teach yourself everything from the book. lecture is pointless as ever, the worst lecturer I've ever encountered.
He is a nice guy but he struggles in explaining the information correctly. He is easily flustered and frequently makes mistakes when doing examples even though he is holding the notes in his hand. The lectures were nearly impossible to follow and I had to learn mostly from the textbook.
Prof. Kesselman teaches straight out of the textbook, examples and all. He tends to get nervous when teaching and is easily flustered. The homework problems are only somewhat helpful in preparing for tests.
1644869	Richard	Leahy	3
Good teacher with EE 483, DSP, horrible with grades and TA's cannot evaluate work.
He is an awesome professor, very student friendly. I learnt a lot in his class. I'm enriched with knowledge. Very helpful and easy going  professor. Very good at making you build your concepts.
He is awesome. He clears every bit of doubts prior to it comes in your mind. He has very good subject knowledge and I would love to study 1 more subject under him.
1814778	Stan	Settles	3
The professor is terrible at lectures. I am unable to understand anything he says and even if I were I do not think that the content would be helpful. I get the impression sometimes that he himself does not understand the topic he is trying to teach. I would not recommend taking this class with Settles at all.
He mumbles so much it's VERY hard to understand what he's saying. Starts explaining something, stops mid-sentence, and either forgets to finish explaining the concept or goes off in a tangent and starts telling an irrelevant story. He does not get the content across AT ALL. I only managed to deal with the course because of the TA. AVOID!
Honestly the best professor I have had at USC.  He is the most understanding and TRULY values how much you learn from him.  He makes a point every class to make sure you take something out of it.  He brings in a variety of guest speakers and even takes you on field trips to see races!  He really made me want to pursue a masters in SAE.
1840409	Michelle	Povinelli	3
Explanation is often vague. Once challenged, reacted so nastily.
In lecture, she often makes mistakes. She seems unwilling to help students outside class.
Great professor -- easy to follow, clearly enthusiastic about the subject material, and made difficult topics easier to understand.  Glad I took her class.
1846676	John	Schroeder	3
He is a great professor. His teaching methods are really good. He always tries to give real life examples to make the concepts clear.
Generally, a pretty good professor. He always helps me with my problem. Very beneficial!
Pretty interesting class. The professor is very knowledgeable and makes the material easy with the examples and experiences.
1891296	Rob	Parke	3
Amazing teacher. Very clear and interesting lectures; always open for questions and clarifications. He makes class fun and enjoyable. Not too much homework. You just need to follow the guidelines for the labs and it is an easy A.
Great teacher! Very nice and makes the subject clear. I didn't expect to like the class, but I did, a lot. I feel like I learned a lot.
One of the nicest and most helpful professors I've ever had. I'm a newbie at python coding and he definitely helped me ease into programming. His explanations and clear, his assignments are interesting, and his slides are well-organized. Friendly and cracks jokes with students. Definitely recommend! Be consistent though! Make sure you do the labs.
1892488	Suvrajeet	Sen	3
Need a little bit of textbook reading as the professor does not dig deep but rather introduce you to new concepts. Glad to get a class from an expert in his field.
His lectures are interesting but he does not cover all the details that students must read textbook and learn by themselves. Exam difficulties were not consistent.
He is never prepare something for his lectures. Every session he starts talking in random tangents and this attitude makes the material for you confusing and its really hard to follow him. His grades is not bad but it doesn't worth it. You won't learn anything.
1988590	Sima	Parisay	3
Literally the worst class I've ever taken. She is hard to understand, a tough grader, and lectures continuously for the entirety of the three hour class. Quizzes occur every class and have little or nothing to do with the previous homework.
Probably the worst professor I've ever had at USC. She gives 3 hour lectures a week and could not make it any less interesting if she tried. She expects a ridiculous amount from her students for a 3 unit class. She does not seem to realize that many of us have 4 other classes and jobs or extracurriculars outside of her class. Tough grader. AVOID!!!
Expectations of a graduate level class. Doesn't understand that most of us have other classes to worry and other responsibilities. Extremely monotone and boring lecturer with absolutely no sense of humor or emotions. No phones, no talking in class, no asking questions that don't apply to every single person in the class. Avoid her at all costs. 
144111	Laura	Fauteux	3
I'm not sure what happened to the guy who gave Laura a bad rating, but I thought she was extremely fair and very helpful.  My writing has improved and I enjoyed Laura and her class very much.
Nice, but not helpful. If you already know how to write well, she will like you and give you good grades. If you don't, she won't really tell you what she wants, she'll just keep giving you bad grades and expect you to figure out what she wants on your own.
No Comments
387968	William	James	3
Do NOT take this professor no matter what your purposes taking his classes are. Reading material was interesting and although he had some interesting things to say, he eventually bored me out of that class. Snapped at students, had a lot of hate and was useless at teaching, talked through the entire class and went astray from the subject each time.
If you enjoy english and literature do not take this professor.  Taking his class made me want to leave the english department altogether.  He is extremely discouraging, even to self motivated people.  His ego dominates the course and material.
Absolutely terrible.  Lectures are boring and don't correspond to tests / essays, grading is extremely hard, the man's ego is immense, he has a tendency to snap at people, and he's quite the whiner: he got mad at the TA because she had a baby.
404888	James	Penner	3
Prof. Penner is attentive, enthusiastic, and  full of vitality. I am proud to be in his class and hope to work with him in the semesters to come.
He is very interested in the literature that he is teaching  and inspires his students to be interested in it as well.  He forces you to think beyond the words on the page and look at books we've read 100 times, like Gatsby, in a new light, finding new insights.  He is also very helpful with paper writing; his office door is always open.
Boring and doesn't explain exactly what he wants in a paper. Forget being creative or an independent thinker.
683772	Tom	Boyle	3
Best class I look at USC. TC hand picks students based on submissions, so you're hopefully guaranteed to have a stellar class of writers. The students judge the work as much as he does, so it's important. He's impressed by effort and skill, not arrogance, and he's got great instincts. He also gives good advice, and knows his grammar.
A great fiction writer and teacher.  He pays close attention to the work done by students and his writing instincts are sharp.  Funny guy, too.  Never-ending energy.
T.C. Boyle's the best fiction professor I had because he has no preconceived notions of what a piece should look or sound like; he guides his students well in their craft, whatever form it may take or subject it may tackle.
733935	Teresa	McKenna	3
She gave us an assignment: Write on topics you would like 2 do for your research paper. She read them & gave them back. She had a student read his proposal in GREAT detail & then said w/such seriousness, &quot;That is EXACTLY what I don't want.&quot; Sums up how she handled other students, too. Nice students. Knows her stuff, but I dreaded the class. Skip it
Caring professor, great class.  She doesn't just know Chicano studies, Prof. McKenna has lived it. Very nice, but tough grader.
No Comments
918308	James	Polk	3
He likes to talk a lot which I do not like. I like to learn so I wish if he spends more time on the material. He rarely uses the book!!!! I did learn that much from the course.
No Comments
Strict. Fair. Good storyteller. Tough on grammar, but he teaches you the rules.
1190482	Gina	Conti	3
WRIT140 is a pain, but she's really helpful if you go in during office hours. Didn't get much out of the classes themselves, but it was also 8am... Will give you lots of help brainstorming. Fair grader. Really nice and friendly person.
She is awkward but you can tell she's trying really hard to make everyone enjoy the class and learn to be better writers. Her conferences are VERY helpful and she is very approachable. The classes are pointless but isn't every Writ140 class&#63; She's a nice person and a reasonable grader.
One of the most awkward people I've met in my life.  You can tell she's a qualified writer, but she just doesn't know how to teach.  Class is full of awkward silences.  I'd say she was completely useless if it wasn't for her conferences which are VERY helpful, but other than that not a class you want to take.
1358249	Ann	Sawyer	3

No Comments
Ann seems to relate to us she tends to go on tangents and understand issues we have with writing etc. She does not assign homework ever and tends to grade the papers logically, if you didn't spend that much time on it you'll get a C etc.CHOOSE ANN
1444729	Gordon	Michelle	3
Professor Gordon is truly amazing. She goes out of her way to help any student in need so make sure that if you are lucky enough to have her you take time to get to know her. By far one of the best professors ive ever had.
There really isn't enough you can say about Prof. Gordon.  She is an incredible human being and professor.  Let's just say I have never written one of these but felt compelled to write one for her.  She is aways available to talk and truly changed my academic experience.
I absolutely loved her arts & letters class Race, Class and Sex in American Literature and Culture. She is a great teacher & very passionate about her work. She takes the time to get to know each one of her students & really wants to see you succeed. One of my most favorite professors at USC.
1511376	Casey	Shoop	3
he is really nice and helpful. He is excited about the material which gauges the student's interest. he is always available for office hours. some really cool movies are part of the course material. I would definitely recommend his class
A really, really nice guy with a lot of great ideas. A very helpful teacher with (what I perceived to be) a  mellow persona, despite being a major coffee addict and expanding on ideas at a mile-a-minute. Everyone I speak to from that class loved him. I hope he keeps teaching.
Very knowledgeable. Lectures are pretty interesting. Incorporates material well. Says &quot;right&#63;&quot; a lot, which is kind of ironic, because he's really smart.
1639555	Ed	Kozaczka	3
Great teacher, he is hilarious and just the best. Grades really easy and is always available and approachable and ready to help you.
Tough grader but always available to help with essays. Very clear about what he expects in essays. Hilarious lectures! My writing improved A LOT in this class.
easiest writ140 class out there. He makes sure you are on top of your work so you aren't pulling an all nighter right before a deadline. I was never stressed out for writ 140 which is a miracle
1717399	Domino	Torres	3
Dr. Torres is one of the most interesting and helpful teachers I've had in college. The syllabus comes off as a bit intimidating, but it was all well worth it. You will learn a lot from her! Take her!
Amazing...!!!
She comes off super intense at first. She is a pretty strict grader. She does not assign too much work relative to other teachers. Her big thing is strictness.
1037427	Kevin	Cannariato	3
He is so monotone.  So boring.  Hard to stay awake.  He is very smart.  Just so uninteresting
Not helpful outside of class. Class is team-taught and questions from cannariato are pretty easy, but not from guest lecture. they do not communicate so it's pretty hard to know what is going to be on the test. class is not very interesting. he talks in a monotonous voice. the material is interesting, but its hard to stay focused.
Cannariato is very easy to talk to, helpful, and has an interesting class.  He's actually interested and involved in the subject matter.  Posts all the lectures on Blackboard.
1741947	David	Ginsburg	3
Lol DG. What a funny guy. Really likes policy and aquaculture and Instagram. Paddles from Catalina to the mainland on a board using only his arms, so you know he's the realest. Rambles a bit in lecture, but he's a pretty easy grader as long as you show that you know your stuff
His jokes are spot on. I laughed a lot. He really cares a lot and he's super chill in lecture. He's passionate about the environment and paddling, and he's not afraid to show it.
Overall, just an extremely awkward human. Cracks jokes only he chuckles at, and tries interacting with a stone faced class the entire time. Looks for specific answers on subjective questions when grading. 2 midterms, a final, a project. The professors shuffle around teaching ENST classes each semester, just wait for someone else to teach this class
1005912	Boris	Wolfson	3
Boris is brilliant.  He'll make you cry, but only because he's someone who it's heartbreaking to disappoint. Slavics is not my field, but I incorporate the things I learned from him into every aspect of my work.  This was the most valuable class I tok at USC.
Very interesting professor, interesting insight into literature and thought in Russia over time.  Projects were interesting, but time-consuming and difficult.  Concepts presented were difficult, but Prof. Wolfson was willing to explain them if asked.  Reading was necessary to understand lectures and do well on tests.  An enjoyable class.
Extremely difficult and vague! At final review session, only one person had better than 70 out of 80 possible points. Quizzes consisted of sentences from the reading, which you had to know and explain the significance of. Directions for projects were 2 pages long and STILL not clear. Very difficult class, beware!!
1312677	Maria Elena	Martinez	3
There's a lot of &quot;required&quot; reading on the syllabus, but if you're good at skimming and getting the main idea, you'll be okay with reading less than half of what she assigned. Tests are long and require a lot of writing, but as long as you get what she and the TAs try to communicate, you'll get at least a B if not an A.
Couldn't recommend her class more. Her lectures are extremely informative, it's easy to take good notes from them, but she wants you to read the material beforehand, which is fair but there's so much to read, like 200 pages a week. Read what you can, answer questions in class, and you'll do great. She's really a great teacher, but a lot of reading.
Martinez lectures most of the class, shows a few movies, and gives a few quizzes in between chapters, two midterms, and one final. Get ready to take good notes, read a whole lot, come to class everyday, participate, and complete two papers. Study guides are given for every test, which consists of term definitions and essay questions.
489064	Julie	Sayers	3
She may be helpful on the technical and formatting of screenwriting, there is little to none in the creative process for you.  You must do what she suggested, or she’ll disagree with you and she is the one giving the grade.  There is no point in arguing with her, for she is stubborn like that.  There is only one way of writing in her opinion, and t
She really cares about her students and their writing. She's tough, but everything she teaches is interesting and you really become a better writer. She also shows movie clips and gives example scripts which are great. She really knows her stuff and focuses on what is important, she doesnt beat around the bush.
Good screenwriting teacher!  She's honest - if your writing leaves something to be desired, she'll tell you.  All in all, she can teach you quite a bit and she's available to her students.  Take this class if you are actually interested in screenwriting; if you're not, it won't be fun.
1260579	Carroll	Hodge	3
No Comments
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. The course goals are totally unclear from the course description. She made some students rewrite personal journal entries. She is astonishingly critical for someone teaching a class called &quot;Originating and Developing Ideas for Film&quot;. Her style is almost oppressive. And there's WAYYY too much emphasis on documentary and 290's
The activities and writing assignments are useful. However, Carroll's critiques are completely out of left field, and often it seems like she has no clue what she is doing. She tries to tell you what kind of creativity you should have, which completely contradicts the purpose of the class. Also, too much work for a 2 credit class.
1321671	Midge	Costin	3
MIdge is fanastic, Clear, enthusiastic, and very devoted to her students learning. She not only is a top USC professor but responsible for some of the best action movie's sound quality.
Midge is a fantastic Sound Editing Professor. A treasure at USC
No Comments
1421721	Rick	Jewell	3
Had Rick for a number of classes 20 years ago. Not flashy, but a true genius. He is a major scholar of classical American cinema and the Hollywood studio system. Humble, down to earth, and absolutely inspiring. State of the art--and a true mentor.
Took him 10 yeas ago and still remember him to this day. Level headed, calm and expert level critique of film craft.Engineering level analysis of film....amazing prof when you get to know him. Helped me resolve a serious grade conflict problem in order to graduate. The man.
Jewell knows so much about film and he is so passionate. An excellent teacher who really loves his students and teaching. Watch out for bad TAs. His class is excellent, if sometimes a little boring.
1502379	Danny	Sussman	3
Danny is brash and nontraditional and thoroughly entertaining. Midterm is a pitch for a tv show or movie and the final is multiple choice. He cares about his students (although he doesn't always have a ton of time for chitchat) and his insights into the entertainment industry are fascinating and helpful. Great class.
He's pretty intimidating at first, but he grows on you. I won't say he's full of himself, but he does make a point of repeatedly letting the class know of his career accomplishments. He's very knowledgable about the industry, but a good portion of the class is learning about his philosophy and values. He's a good guy though and I enjoyed his class.
Danny's cool! He's very in-your-face and can be really intimidating for the first few weeks. Has a lot of contacts and knows a lot of people. Funny. Grade is based on the midterm (which is a 6-8 minute pitch), the final, and participation.
1512035	Elizabeth	Brauer	3
I'm horribly at writing, i'm not creative, so i had my doubts about this class. However, she even said in class that to get a B, you don't show up to class and you don't turn in your work. Class is basically discussion of your homework, so do the homework! She's reasonable with the workload, i just don't like writing so it was a pain for me.
Screenwriting for Animation. She put up with me and my buddy even when we goofed off (with merit in mind) and certainly helped us become acquainted with the industry. She has great hair.
Took her for Writing for Animation. She has a great personality and loves to share her stories alongside useful screenwriting skills. She always has great advice and knows how to teach students to excel in their writing abilities, to &quot;show&quot; and not &quot;tell&quot; their stories.
817608	Kevin	Trosian	3
He's not only a great professor, but very cool and sizziling HOT. Wish I was still in school just to watch him lecture.
No Comments
He doesn't teach, there's no text for the class, ALL case study. ALL the cases, exams are subjective which means he can give you whatever grade he wants. He's mean and tough, but if you are genius or smarter enough, his class is a good choice since you don't even need to study for exams cuz there's no text or guideline about what to study.
1797442	John	Dietrich	3
I love the guy but he needs to stop teaching. He has a great deal of experience and hearing about his life is great, but watching him teach is painful. He needs to stay on topic and explain difficult concepts in more detail. Improving his slides would be a good start.
Very helpful and knows his stuff BUT can be unclear on some things and it can be hard to stay focused in class because of this. Read the textbook to help you get through. Go to office hours, he is very helpful. Ask questions - he loves it. At the end of the day he just wants everyone to do well
very funny but not very helpful.
739287	Carmine	Iannaccone	3
damn good teacher. interesting. funny. all in all amazing.
Difficult concepts, but Carmine pulls it off by explaining them crystal clear. Difficult midterms and finals, notes are crucial in this class.
The class is mandatory and really long, but Carmine is mildly entertaining.  You just have to attend and participate occasionally.  The midterm and final are open note and there's a big group project, but the class really isn't that difficult.
739323	Jay	Willis	3
The class is incredibly laid back and pretty easy. Jay is a really cool guy and you get a lot of freedom in your work. One thing I will say though, I found the TA to be more helpful than Jay when it came to bouncing off ideas.
Great professor. He lets you learn for yourself, all you have to do is want to and good grades come by themselves. If you work you'll get good grades and this work usually means just doing what you feel. He'll show you a different perspective on art where there is no right or wrong. Take his class and you'll have a lot of fun and learn, too.
Jay is such an awesome guy. Class isn't hard at atll, as long as you complete projects by the deadline, don't even really need to show up, if you prefer working at home. He cares about his students a lot and listens to what you have to say. Great professor. An asset to SC.
888246	Christiane	Robbins	3
No Comments
No Comments
great class(es), enthusiastic, smart, funnny ... seems overworked at times but she takes it instride.  Learned a lot about an area that I had taken for granted....made me consider different ways of looking at things .. but without putting me down!
1282595	Jamie	Sweetman	3
Very sweet, nice person, really cares about her students and how well they do. She really accepts personal style and cultivates it in her students. However, what she's exactly going for in students' art is frequently unclear. I was usually never sure if I was doing something right or not in her class.
Jamie is a great teacher. She's pretty easygoing and very helpful. She knows a lot about art and she's passionate about it. She doesn't grade very hard. I also had her for 201a. It was a little more work but she was still wonderful.
Jamie is a wonderful drawing teacher! She  is very easygoing and understanding. Sometimes she can be unclear, but don't be afraid to speak up with questions. Drawing 101A is a lot of work, and can be stressful, but Jamie is there to help you, not fail you. Great teacher!
1447891	Richard	Parker	3
The class itself is chill. You draw for 3 hours while listening to music. BUT dont expect to do well in the class if youve never drawn before. Everyone is itself a fine arts major or took drawing in HS. Your grade is entirely dependent on skill and Parker doesnt offer you any lenience
Richard is a very pleasant and kind teacher. He is extremely talented. I sometime felt bored with his class and he seems to grade you harder if you are a fine arts major. This class was too slow for me.
Super nice teacher! I had a great experience in his class. You do a lot of charcoal and soft pastel drawings. He doesn't critique you too much and lets you do your thing unless he sees you doing something really wrong. The class critiques are really easy and nothing to sweat over. If you are not an artist, this is the professor for you.
1534166	Jenny	Phelps	3
Is super nice & offers good advice. Did lots of fun assignments & explored diff mediums. Classwork and hw pieces are graded. Good attendance is needed to pass. Critiques are done on hw pieces the day they are due. She emphasizes a lot on contextdeep meaning behind work. About 10 hws, no tests, final project & short statement about it. RECOMMEND!!
I love this teacher. She is extremely helpful and clear about what she expects. People who had no experience in art before clearly improved throughout the semester. I had a lot of experience in art before and thought that a basic drawing class would be too easy, but the projects made me improve a lot as an artist.
This was my first art class- had zero experience (since middle school) By the end of the semester I was amazed at the quality of my artwork. Surpassed my wildest dreams! She taught well and obviously cared a lot when she would offer advice or consider your homeworks. She was very nice and a very experienced art teacher- would love to take it again!
1617237	Patrick	Jackson	3
Great professor easy going, nice, fine to talk to. got a lot of great stories. engage him and you'll get the best out of your semester. easy on attendance
Patrick's class is really, really easy. As long as you try you'll get an A. Actually, as long as you present something tangible you'll get an A. He knows a lot about sculpture and isn't particularly stringent about attendance.
Patrick was an amazing teacher.  He's very laid back but also helpful and knowledgeable about different sculpting techniques.  Overall easy and fun class.
1708025	Caterina	Crisci	3
Professoressa Crisci is the best italian teacher at USC. She is extremely helpful, extremely, and when I say extremely I mean it, FUNNY. She is the funniest girl in the world. She makes learning italian fun.  She is hard, but appropriately so. Plus she is knock out gorgeous!
I absolutely love Caterina! She makes the class super fun and you truly learn a lot. She's enthusiastic and very encouraging. However, the class is still difficult but still do your best to take her class!
Caterina is hands down the best italian professor at USC. She's EXTREMELY enthusiastic and makes the class so much fun. She grades fairly but the class is still quite difficult.
1767786	Brieuc	Gerard	3
He's not bad. Any french 120 class will be a lot of work, but it's not hard. However, he doesn't explain things very well. There's a language barrier since he's actually French, so English is his second language.
He is a great teacher and a sweet guy. He is genuine in his words and quite helpful. He says  what is on his mind and is honest all of the time. He seems like he really cares that his students learn French well. It may be a little difficult but he wants you to do well so he helps.
Hes really nice, and a really helpful professor but the class is a lot of work. There is a composition due on a weekly basis as well as online exercises and text book exercises all which have to be handed in as well as a quiz every second week and two mid terms and two finals, one oral and one written. He is great and really helpful though!!
1860296	Mina	Soroosh	3
Best French professor! She's super enthusiastic and sweet. Class goes by so quickly because she makes French fun. It's not super easy; you have to work for it. But the good news is, it hardly feels like work because of how fun she makes it and how encouraging she is in matters of participation. Highly recommend.
Hands down the best french teacher at USC. She's super nice and helpful and always wears the cutest scarves. Took pass no pass so I didn't put a lot of work in, but I still really appreciated her enthusiasm.
I wasn't thrilled about the foreign language requirement, but if you've got to do it, Prof. Soroosh is a great choice. There's a lot of work, but she is SO kind, encouraging, and helpful. She will give you the courage to speak French, without singling you out or making you feel dumb. You can tell she loves teaching and is dedicated to it.
542799	Robert	Douglas	3
He thinks hes funny but he's not. The class yo-yos between beign ridiculously easy and really hard.
No Comments
Informative and interesting class.  Douglas makes you work hard if you want to earn a good grade!
1562617	Scott	Lowell	3
Worst professor, not helpful. AVOID. Material is interesting but do not take him.
The worst professor I've ever encountered in SC. He seems to be a knowledgeable teacher, but he doesn't know how to teach. He makes everything more confusing with numbers and formulas. Ppt not helpful, he does not let you record lectures, books useless for the midterm, exams crazy hard. Lab quiz every week+ pop quizzes..
The worst professor I've ever encountered in SC. He seems to be a knowledgeable teacher, but he doesn't know how to teach. He makes everything more confusing with numbers and formulas. Ppt not helpful, he does not let you record lectures, books useless for the midterm, exams crazy hard. Lab quiz every week+ pop quizzes:)
655645	Nancy	Bagatell	3
Great Professor. Knows what she's talking about. Loves her job and loves helping students succeed.
Nancy is wonderful... her teaching style is clear and interactive.  She takes a genuine interest in her students and encourages participation.  She genuinely enjoys the material she teaches, and it shows.  Hooray for Bagatell!
Nancy is great.  Takes a genuine interest in her students, and is very helpful if you approach her with questions.
655656	Deborah	Pitts	3
0
No Comments
Pitts comes off as intimidating, but she's not really... Deeply passionate about her subject matter, and will really appreciate it if you take an interest.
1046373	Beth	Hoffman	3
She is amazing! You gotta love her care-free spirit! She's an amazing teacher, really down to Earth. She gives you study guides for Midterm and Final.
Love her !!! Easy A !!!
Beth has no idea what she is doing and constantly makes mistakes and tells us the wrong answers. But the worst part is that she refuses to just admit her mistakes and then leaves the wrong answer up sometimes as it is &quot;another way of doing it&quot; when really it's just wrong. And she's boring as all hell and tells the worst jokes.
1753801	Ricky	Bluthenthal	3
One of the best professors I've had! He is super open to talking to students about class or life! Class is laid-back and you can write a research paper for 5% extra credit added to your overall grade. If you're an HP major, he's your only option but he's awesome!!
Awesome professor. He cracks jokes in lecture and makes the topic interesting. There is a quiz every week, but he tells you when they are. The second half of the semester is guest lecturers. If you do/skim the readings and pay attention it's an easy class.
Tests come from both mostly lecture notes and a little from the text. Very chilled, clear in his expectations (which aren't high), 2 midterms, 10 quizzes that are mostly t/f, and a final. The tests are multiple choice and t/f. Very attractive man which makes the class that much more enjoyable.
1514242	Richard	Fox	3
Prof. Fox is old school. He has interesting things to say about white authors but if you've taken AfAm courses, he's pretty useless on Black literature. Old school about grades, attendance etc. Thought the semester would never end but I learned a few things too so not that bad.
Professor Fox is very nice and eager to help and answer questions. You must come prepared to discuss the texts so make sure you read enough to understand the material. Your grade is based on a 50% midterm and 50% final paper. I recommend the class.
American Prophets should be required for all! It truly opens your eyes to the U.S. and key figures that we all may not be aware of or not too knowledgable on.  First two books read were from Pres. Obama - even if you disagree with him, these are great works of literature! Prof. Fox cares about his students as much, if not more than, his field!
1888951	Allison	Miller	3
Probably the most unorganized teacher ever. Really seemed like she was making stuff up on the spot. DISJOINTED LECTURES, too much reading and to top it all off 80% of them were boring!! I concur with the other reviewer here, she made too much changes!!! Would notify us a couple hours before class started! Very unprofessional. AVOID
Miller seems very smart & even funny however very unorganized. She changes syllabus too much & notifies class late. Also her prompts were very confusing even after many questions. Her strength is gender theory but HORRIBLE job in providing historical context. Overall unsatisfying experience but some good qualities still wouldn't full recommend her.
Seminar on 20th century American Girlhood is excellent. One of the best classes I've ever taken. Miller is not a traditional prof, interesting final assignment. Opens up your mind. An A is manageable and rewarding in her class.
1413925	Richard	Selby	3
Great professor. Great class. Super easy. Very interesting. Best class I've ever taken.
This class is the best: not too much work, but you learn a lot. I think everybody could find the class useful. The professor is also super knowledgable and it shows.
The professor is super nice. but his pace  can sometimes be too fast and sometimes too slow. the second half of semester he was being super unclear, letting students just learn by themselves. but overall since I like the content of the class, i enjoy the class
1940693	Raymond	Kim	2
Very helpful instructor! If you have any questions he will really take the time to help you with it and explain concepts further. Tests are not super easy but are manageable if you go to class and understand the assignments. 
Prof. Raymond is really nice. Always willing to sit down and help you with the program. He's also funny. The course isn't easy but it isn't to hard either. Easy to get an A or B in.
1744375	Brian Christopher	Rathbun	3
Rathbun is one of my favorite professors at USC. I always look forward to coming to class because his lectures are interesting and engaging. He isn't an old fuddy-duddy professor, he sometimes swears and makes funny comments. Only two midterms and a final. All the information you need to write in your tests, he thoroughly goes over in class. Easy A
AMAZING PROFESSOR! He made class so interesting, it was honestly never a drag to go. He's funny and makes lectures very entertaining. The class isn't too hard, he doesn't require readings. Just show up and pay attention and you'll be fine! He's awesome!
AMAZING. Clear lecturer and very funny guy.
129335	Ann	Tickner	3
Wanted her to be more impassioned feminest.  Just plain boring.
I enjoyed her upper-division course on gender and international relations.  It's her specialty, and it shows in her ability to convey things in an interesting light -though her style is a little dry.
Horrible lecturer, trails off at the end of nearly every sentence, NO AM classes
993946	Geoffrey	Garrett	3
He's amazing!
Great class, very easy and only one 1200 word paper, one midterm and one final. You HAVE to show up to discussion, but the TAs are really cool (try to get Ted).
If you're considering this class even a little, TAKE IT! This is such a great class. Basically a lecture series and open mic discussion. Garrett is just a wonderful instructor. His depth of knowledge is so refreshing and he's so engaging to just listen to. The guest speakers he brought in were amazing, Warren Christoper, for example. Recommended!
1204059	Celeste	Fremon	3
She's absolutely great.  Her comments are extremely helpful on your work (even if she does grade a little hard).  If you can get past all the ums and uhs she keeps saying, she's great.  She definitely communicates better via email.
Nice teacher but very unorganized, scattered, etc. Grades VERY hard...class is a lot longer than it needs to be, you could get more done at home.
shes a really good teacher, but her comments on your articles aren't very helpful, and she her grading method is completely arbitrary- she pits you against the other students by saying &quot;well if it was good and first and got an A- and a better one comes later it gets an A but if a worse one comes later it could get a C&quot;. not a great fit for ME.
1421676	Alan	Mittelstaedt	3
AMAZING
LOVE HIM

1584621	Randy	Paige	3
It's funny how you'll notice him on the TV in the Digital Lab while working on your packages for the class that night.
Great teacher, he shows a lot of examples that give you more clarity on what he's looking for. He's very understanding, especially if you run into technical problems with equipment. He's always in a good mood, very friendly, and has a lot of experience in the field.
Repeats things a lot, but great guy to learn from.
1709912	Kate	Jacobs	3
Kate is a great teacher! Would take her class again in a heart beat. She gives great feedback and teaches you material that is essential in the PR field. She also has a lot of experience so there is a lot to learn from her. Pretty fair grader and a pretty easy class if you put in the effort.  
Great professor that have interesting and informational lectures. Strong PR experience and background. Cares about her students with passion. Really helpful and truly want you to do good. Encouraging and positive. Brings in the yummiest homemade snack :) Learned a lot. Go to classes and you'd be fine :)
Wonderful woman. Genuinely cares about her students. Is always accessible and approachable. Very helpful. Always replies to emails. Knows her students individually and their particular interests, strengths and weaknesses. Very fair grader. Knows what she's doing end enjoys doing it. Great experience.
1814937	Gabriel	Kahn	3
Simply one of the best professors I have had at USC. Make econ very interesting from a journalist's perspective. Very encouraging and always accessible to students. Helpful and reply to email very quick. Highly recommend if you are a JOUR major and wanna learn some econ stuff! And, NO TEST!!!
He's simply the best. He explains the readings in class before you do them so the topics aren't confusing. He is extremely supportive and responds to emails quickly. Can't praise him and his econ for journalists class enough!
Gabe is an awesome professor. He used to be deputy chief of the Wall Street journal and he makes Econ way more enjoyable. Definitely a class you should take so you're more financially literate. Lots of ungraded assignments (just do them for credit) and NO TESTS
1787894	Lorraine	Turcotte	3
Not clear, disorganized, very difficult to follow.  Intimidating and intense. Must rely on the information she gives in class (which is often confusing) to do well on the exams which are painfully specific. 
Turcotte came up with this course herself and has pioneered it as USC, and unfortunately this provides no checks and balances. It's a nutrition and metabolism class, but her class is more than 50% biochem. They should make biochem a requirement or at least include a biochem book. She also doesn't curve. Take a notebook AND a laptop to class.
She starts with simple concepts. Then, it rapidly becomes a challenging upper division science course. There are 2 midterms and one final exam (semi-cumulative). Attendance is a must, since her exams are heavily based on what she presents in class. Textbook really helps tho (as a guide). Advice: study class notes.. defiantly not an easy class.
468444	Zoe	Wu	3
Wu-lao shi really knows how to connect with her students and enable them to learn what she teaches.
No Comments
Zoe is hilarious! She's really accessible to students and seems to genuinely enjoy her job. She always has the most engaging anecdotes, and her grasp of popular culture is, well...crazy!
703500	Ania	Lubowicz	3
This is a great class to take a s a social issue. It is not hard if you keep up with all of the reading. She's pretty clear about what she wants to say most of the time.
Pretty easy class, material, is not the most exciting, but its easy to understand and its definitely an easy A class. Lubowicz is very knowledgeable and a very pleasant teacher. She tries hard to make the class interesting with videos and speakers.
I urge you to take this class if you want to learn about language in a social aspect.. not the history of it.. Its about the way we communicated. VERY EASYYY class. Easy and fun homeworks and midterms straight from the lecture NOTES..
921098	Peggy	Kamuf	3
Professor Kamuf is very nice. I enjoyed her ARLT class a lot, as the books and discussions about monsters were interesting. You'll do well on tests and papers as long as you put in the effort.
Her ARLT class Our Monsters, Ourselves reads surprisingly interesting texts and if you miss a reading you can definitely spark note. Only two papers all semester and easy tests. Her discussions really help to understand the reading because a lot is assigned.
pretty easy class but not so engaging or interesting. read a good amount.
1094044	Christina	Villa	3
She is super sweet but gives out a looooottt of homework and the tests are hard but she keeps class interesting.
she is good with students and knows how to explain things so that her class understands it. homework is not too heavy, but attending class is mandatory to understand the material. tests are moderately difficult and you have to write essays about once a week, only one page.
She made an 8:00 class bearable.  'Nuff said.
801133	Niels	Frenzen	3
Prof. Frenzen really took time to thoroughly work through the issues and filings for clinic students.  I learned a lot.
I thought he was refreshing and passionate about his subject field.
He is realy arrogant, unhelpful, and rude.  He has a complete lack of consideration for the needs of his students.
1980910	Stacia	Stolzenberg	3
Cool lectures about interesting things. The class was harder than I thought it would be. Dr. Stolzenberg is nice to look at. 
She was the best. I loved Law 402 - my favorite class to date. The court trip was really inspiring. 
Hard tests, sometimes questions straight from the textbook. Really fun class lectures - lots of Ted talks, activities, and interesting powerpointsdiscussions
1488797	Phillip	Carter	3
This normally doesn't matter, but lets just say he's a HOTTIE. Made me pretty interested in ling. Cared about how much we actually learned, not just if he got through every word on the powerpoint. Super engaging and even humorous. Work load not that difficult and I actually enjoyed the assignments. TAs were also very helpful.
Smart guy who obviously cares whether or not students learn things. The lectures were challenging but interesting and made you actually pay attention. His test covered a lot of information, but was easy.
He's really interested in teaching and actually cares about wellbeing.  His test was insanely easy even though his lecture was super difficult, which shows that he actually cares about our intelligence and not just about giving us a hard time. 2nd favorite professor, after the OTHER guy who teaches LING115 :).
1564556	Audrey	Li	3
This class has got to be the most boring class I've taken this semester. The teacher isn't very clear in explaining concepts, and will only give you a good grade if you meet exactly her expectations. Don't expect an easy A. Expect a lot of peer evaluation. 
She is super helpful and nice! Agreed with other reviewer that she is sometimes unclear and her grading is vague, but thankfully, if she likes you, she is an extremely easy grader (get ready for plenty of pleasant surprises).
I had her for Story of the Chinese Language. She is not always the most organized professor but she cares and tries to be helpful. Pay attention, take good notes and put in effort on the essays and you should be fine. I learned a lot in this class and enjoyed it overall.
312156	Eric	Yorkston	3
No Comments
No Comments
He's a really awesome, funny, laid back professor who loves to go off the subject, play games and have fun....take this class!!! (He's really young too)
575741	Rakesh	Niraj	3
Guy cannot teach. I found outside help and everything became so easy.
This guy can't teach! The worst professor at Marshall and USC overall.
No Comments
784248	Kenneth	Wilbur	3
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
1796062	Dinakar	Jayarajan	3
Overall really good professor. Followed the book closely but provided real world examples that explained the concepts in a clear manner. He was accessible when you needed help and was always willing to help. Left with class breadth of knowledge related to marketing. Definitely recommend
Though core classes can be heavily textbook based, he does an amazing job of bringing in outside examples to help you see how something that might seem obscure can have substantial real world impact. This class is not an "easy A" but is structured so that if you put in the time, effort, and actually strive to learn something, you'll be rewarded.
He is a great and helpful professor. His teaching is clear and interesting. I enjoyed the class in general.
1910496	Zibin	Xu	3
I learned so much in this class.  But it's not your traditional business class.  You have to really engage and participate to get an A.  I'm not a great test taker but being very involved and killing it at the projects still got me an A-.
This course is very difficult as an introductory class. He assigned many case studies and several consulting projects and debate. It is also difficult to get an A as he curved the class and only gave As to the top 20 percent. But he has been very helpful to advise our team on the projects and spending lots of time on personal tutoring.
AVOID AT ALL COST. Can't be worse.Read off ppt. Tests contain too much math for a mkt class and questions are not clear. Has a very, very demanding consulting case for midterm and product design project (doesnt require ads, which makes it like another consulting case)for final. Barely talks abt sales and advertising. overall quantitative and boring
421851		Rozovsky	3
Horrible professor.  Couldn't understand a work he said because of his harsh Russian accent.  Didn't explain the material properly. Don't even need to go to the lectures cause they are useless.  All he does is copy material on the board from the book. Simply horrible.
This guy is a real piece of work.  If you want to do well in his class you have to use other teacher's resources.
Make sure to read the book. The Professor has a tendancy to make the material more difficult that it really should be.
1575958	Mio	Iovanov	3
Final was ridiculous. Teaches theory, collects hw, GO TO TA SESSIONS, TA quizzes. Pretty boring and tiny writing.
His exams are soooo difficult and the class is so boring. avoid him for any reason.
He seems to intend to give us the most difficult final!!!
1576009	Thomas	Williams	3
Goes off topic into crazy theory that doesn't make sense. Doesn't explain things well, stay away!
His lectures are so spastic and make everything seem WAY more complicated than they really are.
Midterms are difficult but possibly the most adorable math professor ever.
1581847	Rongjie	Lai	3
Rongjie is my boy, dude is a great guy and very reasonable if you talk to him but, unfortunately he can't teach at all. He's so smart that he thinks concepts are all overly simple and doesn't put enough time into teaching you how to do the questions he asks on tests but rather, he proves concepts of which he is not going to test you late
Took calculus in highschool and got an A, one semester of Professor Lai's class and I'm struggling to get a B.  He designs this course to break you down and doesn't understand why students do so poorly.  Avoid at all costs.
It was his first semester teaching, so this all comes with a grain of salt. He was very unclear, both literally, because of a heavy chinese accent, but also in his explanations. He spent most of the lecture going over proving equations and derivations rather than giving context or examples. LEctures were useless, avoid him.
1874705	Tuan	Nguyen	3
I'm probably the least competent person when it comes to any kind of mathematics, yes it was pre-calc so it may have been easier than the higher up classes, but he's always willing to answer questions and help out his students. I believe that he genuinely wants everyone in the class to pass. Probably one of the most helpful professors I've taken.
Good guy, wants his students to do well
New professor as of 2013 at USC. Good: Handwriting is legible. Bad: Says some words with a thick accent, so can be a bit hard to understand. Good: Always has an answer for questions students ask in class. Bad: Lack of experience means he follows B&C closely. Good: Gives examples in class. Overall, I think better than average: 3.9.
264257	Jay	Zorn	3
RIP Jay Zorn.  You have influenced many and are missed.
No Comments
Professor Zorn is a really nice guy.  He really loves what he teaches.
826697	Sharon	Lavery	3
No Comments
awesome
Sharon is bad ass!!! And by that i mean really cool.
961173	Lipsett	Robert	3
No Comments
Terrible teacher in my opinion.  As the prior student pointed out, Lipsett hardly ever demonstrates or plays for that matter.  How can one learn how to play from someone who does not really play&#63;  He uses scare tactics instead of specific directives with students.  He is an extremely ill-mannered person as well.
Robert Lipsett is one of the worst violin teachers ever.  He doesn't even play the violin - he's one of those guys that epitimizes the old adage &quot;Do as I say - not as I do.&quot;  I have to add he is an extremely rude person.  He doesn't know anything about the violin.
1246508	Joannaa	Demers	3
I took Hip Hop & Culture with Demers a year ago and it was amazing! 2 short pop quizzes, 1 in-class midterm, 1 in-class final. Homework for this class is great -- she assigns great music to listen to and interesting readings you basically only have to skim. Demers knows her stuff and I learned a ton. Take this class!
She is such a wonderful speaker and I truly enjoyed her &quot;Music and the Modern Imagination&quot; class while at USC.  After attending her lectures, which were not mandatory...but were extremely interesting and stimulating to a musical mind, I learned so much about popular music history.  If you can take a class from her at all, please do!
Professor Demers is the awesomest musicologist at USC.  As a teacher affliated with the Thornton School of Music, Ms. Demers retains her eagerness for a liberal arts education.  I took &quot;Music and the Modern Imagination&quot; and it was AMAZING!  The course surveys European and American music history and pinpoints areas of jazz, pop, and classical music.
1268330	Mark	Weiser	3
Very clear about what to do and an excellent teacher who will really make you learn and retain everything!
I had him for 2 years and although he knows his stuff, he was always in a bad mood and had a horrible attitude towards teaching. His snide comments were occasionally funny, but usually just unwarranted. I learned a moderate amount, but he definitely wasn't inspirational. Tests based on lecture. Good anecdotes though - only reason I went to class...
Easy teacher, but is very belittling when you ask questions. Definitely did not make me interested in the material, and he doesn't seem to be either. The only way for him not to pick on you is to go overboard and polish your homework. He's not open minded to different opinions on the material. Weiser at 8 am is torture - I recommend another teacher
1469930	Sung-Hwa	Park	3
Smartest, hottest, most gifted teacher and soul I have ever met.
Overall, a great class - Dr.Park makes it clear exactly what she expects and she goes over each topic slowly and thoroughly to make sure that everyone does well.
fun class!
1571667	Jessica	Roderer	3
I took beginning piano last spring and Jessica was awesome. She moved at the pace of the class and would stop to help us understand a new concept if we needed it. If you go to class and participate, you'll learn a lot and get an A (she said that "the grade will take care of itself" as long as you do your best effort).
Jessica is an awesome professor.  I recommend her to anyone who desires to receive a REAL education, and stretch their legs.  She can be stern, but there is something so attractive in her way that she delivers herself to the class.  Hands down the best teacher I have ever had in my entire life.  Keep up the good work Miss Roderer.
she's friendly and nice but goes way too fast. this class tends to be muin students with no interest in piano but she teaches this like its for piano majors. she goes really fast and expects way too much way too quickly. practicing is hard because its all the way over in Gateway and a pain to get to. she's too intense for 150b. take someone else.
1578510	Charles	Gutierrez	3
He's awesome. I was trying to join his class late (three weeks) and he jumped through some hoops to help me out and get me in. He's funny and keeps you smiling through class...which was good for me because Pro Tools is not a strong suit of mine. He is super smart and knows his stuff. I learned so much in his class and recommend him. He's great.
Charles is hilarious and very friendly with all his students. The class is extremely easy and he does a great job of focusing on the learning not the grade. A+ teacher
Mr. G is awesome! Super chill, funny guy. Makes the class fun and understandable. If you do your work in class (stay off Facebook), you won't have to scramble at the end of the semester to submit homeworks. Painless Blackboard quizzes from the textbook. Hand-on final is stressful, but take some time to practice and you'll be fine.
1669958	Juhi	Bansal	3
Very helpful and patient.
I'm not the greatest with theory, and don't use it in depth in my day to day, but Juhi was extremely helpful, punctual, and up front with everything, and was great in office hours. As long as you put in effort, attend class, and hit up the office hours if you need to, you'll be fine.
Very helpful and extremely nice. She tries very hard to make sure everyone understands and succeeds. I knew alot going into the class so it wasnt hard at all. She explains the material as straight forward as possible. Very few hw assignments and theyre fairly easy. Final project is kinda tough but she will help alot. Exams arent bad. Good prof.
339504	Panivong	Norindr	3
loved him
Mean, cruel, insulting, psycho. This man likes to scream at you for no apparent reason, especially when you work very hard. If you do nothing, he is completely indifferent.
Great professor!  So funny, helpful, and nice.  Also extremely smart.  I was doubtful about the class at first but ended up loving it.
385766	Joey	Lettery	3
Joey is a wonderful teacher. He is a great tapper and dancer in general. He tends to get off track sometimes, but he always tries to link his stories and activities to help students succeed in and out of the classroom.
Joey is nicer and more relaxed toward his Tap B students than his Tap A ones. I had him for both and had more fun in Tap B. He sometimes moves too fast, but his class is still easy. He will tell you the same stories over and over again, but they're funny.
Great dance teacher.  Slightly egotistical, but still fun.
752406	Carl	Grodach	3
Pretty easy teacher... but does make class discussions interesting and the class as a whole is rewarding as a result.
Great teacher, can't say enough good things about him sad to lose him.
Readings are light, easy grader on the papers, takes attendance daily. He gives you a ton of information and will gladly go over it again and again if you don't understand.Very nice and very helpful.Study your notes and know the main figures in PPD and you will ace the class.
1441638	Mary-Ann	Bholand-Matveyenko	3
She's great. It's a super chill class - as long as you go and turn in the assignments its extremely difficult not to do well in the class. The subject matter is also extremely relevant and useful.
Stress Management with Mary Ann was fun and informative. Exercised and learned very applicable and interesting information about personal health. She is hilarious and makes class fun.
super nice and ethusiastic. always had fun health information and let us measure our BMI (voluntary)
541428	Scott	Soames	3
If you have a good background in Philosophy, you will be enlightened. If you don't, you will be completely lost.
Hard, fair, very dense lecturer, very little class discussion
Sweetest header on his webpage--EVER!  SCOTT SOOOOOOAMES!!!! Makes him look like a rockstar!  You'll love this man, especially if your name is Saul Kripke.
1401023	Kenneth	Easwaran	3
Good teacher, doesn't require attendance, but still you learn a lot through his lessons and assignments
He uses powerpoint when he teaches. He is very smart but the way he delivers it is rather boring. He has no bearing on the grades because the TAs do it. He takes all the time in the world to answer your question if u visit him in office. The entire class had no exams but three essays and weekly homework assignments.
I think it was his first semester teaching at USC.  He was genuinely interested in helping students understand the material.  Whether it be staying after class to answer questions or a prompt response to email he was very accessible.  However, most of the grading was done by the TAs.  Overall, he was a very nice and willing to help.
1016793	Timothy	Burton	3
I took golf. He would lecture us for 20 minutes and then we would play until class ends. Pretty boring honestly. 
I took tennis with Tim this last semester, and it was a great class. So relaxed, he joked around with us, but I also learned how to play the game. Its not a complete breeze- there is a final and an end of term assignment, but he's a great coach. Can't wait to take golf with him!
No Comments
1512032	Steve	Vankanegan	3
he's a chill guy and is very helpful if you actually want to learn about weight training and reach a goal, there is a couple quizzes, one midterm, one final, but they are all easy, just show up to class and lift and you're good to go
Great guy who is enthusiastic about PE and willing to meet with you to set up a personalized workout plan. Taking his weight training class made me bigger/stronger. Don't worry, it's not hard to get an A. Attend class, study for quizzes and tests (the book will help), and put in some effort for the project that is due at the end of the semester.
Took him for Tennis. I learned Tennis, but Steve is kind of annoying. And despite the fact that it is only a 1-unit class, he had a final with 50 multiple choice questions on it. He expects you to care about his class, and he doesn't realize that most of the people taking it just want to fill a spare unit for the hell of it.
1852952	Isabelle	Pilliere Mazumdar	3
Class was a great continuation of Yoga 120A
This class is great! Taking Yoga really helped me get through this semester. She makes sure you get the most out of the class.
Great class. She knows what she is doing and will help you with modifications. She's upbeat and happy. I would highly recommend this class. The midterm and final are super easy if you pay attention. Overall this class only requires a couple hours of outside work, but attendance is mandatory.
624974	Stephan	Hass	3
great professor! take his class!!!
just plain awesome
HILARIOUS.  Stephan is the man.  I recommend bringing a six-pack to the last lecture of the semester, and you'll hear about why not to &quot;drink and derive&quot;.
1898569	James	Boedicker	3
Professor is terrible lecturer. Speaks to the chalkboard more than students. Doesn't know how to work demonstrations. Tests aren't too bad but if you don't know physics get ready for a lot of self-studying.
This giant of a man helps you in your quest in slaying physics problems. His shadow casted across the classroom helped me remember those pesky trig equations. But jesting aside this prof is a big help to all us physics noobs. Must take if you like physics and need a tall order of help. 
Physic 135 is one of the easiest class ever, he posts practice exams online before every midterms and the mid-term questions were literally from old midterms, only 2 midterms per semester, plus a final and lab. He's very patient and helpful. PS. he's more than 6'9 tall, really! 
1395498	Kimberly	Freeman	3
I would recommend Graddy. I wish I had the opportunity - sigh....She's not clear as to what she wants from you so you can't really give her what she is looking for in order to earn the grade you want.
Kimberly was awesome. Very knowledgeable on topics as they pertain to government and business. Also helpful that she linked current evens to topics presented in class. Guest speakers were also great. Presented real world opinions from professional in field. Overall I recommend the class to anyone who prefers reality over theory.
She is a professional in the field but she isn't necessarily a good professor. Her participation standard is strict so make sure to go to classes. She doesn't really use any real world examples well except for from movies. Open notes and everything but not a valuable class if you are actually trying to learn something.
1588125	Maurice	Rahimi	3
Professor Rahimi is excellent. He presents strong presentations on public administration concepts. He is creative with how he teaches, using simulations, presentations, and group work. This course was my most challenging because there was a lot of reading and writing involved. Prof. Rahimi, however, provides a lot of valuable and insightful help.
Professor Rahimi is one of the most helpful, fun, friendly, and easy to talk to professor's I have had. Professor Rahimi makes sure to engage all his students in the lecture topics along with using examples from current news and truly wants all his students to succeed in his class!
Amazing professor. But class could be more intellectually stimulating.
14896	John	Odell	3
Fun, interesting lessons, actually makes me wanna attend class cos he engages students in discussion. Assigns interesting reading for the class, paper assignments aren't too difficult. Provides review questions for midterm and final.
Great Teacher and very helpful... Easy grading
Do not expect Mickey Mouse sympathy!  You better ask for pap. extension early!
396336	David	Lopez-Lee	3
Dr. Lopez-Lee teaches and treats his graduate level course as if he is in an undergraduate setting.
So boring.  So boring you have to lick the roof of your mouth to stay awake boring.  And the reading... could not of been worse.
Boring teaching method ever... way too academic
1164678	Dan	Schnur	3
Best professor at USC.  Really interesting and easy to follow class.  Very well articulated goals and he makes class fun.  He values class participation and makes everyone feel welcome to participate.  Two midterms, and a semester long project.  textbook use is not mandatory but will help flesh out midterm answers.  My fave class so far.
Great Professor. He is very intelligent and loves class participation. It is a very interesting topic and he engages the class. We had 2 midterms, a final paper, and presentation. If you attend class and take notes you will do fine. One of the greatest teachers at USC. Make an apoointment with him and he will love it! Great guy, great teacher
Really great class!  Professor is incredibly knowledgeable from experience on real campaign trails.  He's easy to understand and very approachable.  Would highly recommend this class and professor to anyone with any interest in politics.  Workload is moderate (not an easy-breazy class), but very interesting and worthwhile!
1359546	Biing	Shen	3
Great teacher in the sense that his slides are awesome. If you know the slides, you know the test...for the most part. His accent gets annoying but overall, hes a great teacher & I learned a lot from him. Don't forget to go to class, he gives out freebie test questions during class.
He is sometimes pretty difficult to understand because of his accent, however he is really funny and uses a lot of media whenever possible to help students understand concepts. The tests are so much harder than I thought they would be. YOU HAVE TO REALLY STUDY.
nice guy but you can't really understand him and the material is harder than it has to be.
1484221	Allen	Azizian	3
There is something enchanting and scary about this class, the way he speaks, answers questions, and the way he looks at you!  Yet, this has been one of my favorite classes. The workload is more than the typical class. Best thing I learned in the class, "pull up your pants, and get a hold of yourself, this is a classroom, not a hip-hop dance club.
Attendance is mandatory due to random in class assignments that can make your grade.  He does not offer EC and one bad exam score can ruin your class grade.
Very informative class. Attendance not required- he puts the slides online but he goes over them thoroughly in class. Expect TA interaction and current event relevance. Read BEFORE class. Very nice professor but because the class is very long (3h 50m) it can become somewhat boring!
1703322	Laura A.	Baker	3
The class really changed the way I think about how genetics affects behaviors. She knows this field really well, and wants everyone to succeed. If you stick with the study guide the exams are a piece of cake.
The class moved very quickly in the beginning of the course, but she gives you a study guide of exactly what you need to know for the midterm and final. Reading the text is key to doing well, but it is a fairly easy read.
Interesting person outside of the classroom, but lectures are poorly made and she doesn't explain anything. Have fun reading the book and trying to extract what might be on the exams...
1806996	Antoine	Bechara	3
Brilliant and funny guy. I was scared to take the class, as "functional neuroanatomy" sounds intimidating. He made it interesting and not-scary. He's always willing to explain things patiently if you need help.
Tests are insanely straight-foward (no trick questions). Bechara's philosophy is to help you learn and develop interest in neuropsychology and not necessarily to quiz you on material. There are 4 exams, all of which are not cummulative, and there is no cumulative final (4th exam is taken during the final period)
Bechara, along with colleagues, came up with the Iowa Gambling Task and resulting Somatic Marker Hypothesis. Brilliant individual. Funny at times and insightful. If you want to understand the current affairs of Neuroscience, its limitations, progress, and direction, take his class - he is Great!!
11318	Gary	Trump	3
No Comments
No Comments
Do not take his class unless you want to be confused about lecture material....
11320	Jeff	Tennis	3
No Comments
Ignore the previous comment, he is very willing to sit down and help students, and does so in a very comfortable, clear manor. He truly cares about the success of the students!!!
bio advisement
707070	David	Conti	3
I am not a fan of him. The class is unnecessarily challenging. However, he heavily curves the grades and the class does get easier though the semester. Get ready for each area where he grades to be frustrating (quizzes, homework, and tests.) He isn't the worst stats guy, but he is not nearly the best!
No Comments
A lot of work!
911080	Mara	Ziegler	3
Professor Ziegler cares so much about her students and the subject matter.  She makes me proud to be a social worker. 
An excellent professor with tons of professional social work and legal experience that she brings to the table.  An array of handouts and no powerpoint, which I found useful.  The only professor who really puts the effort out to help you absorb and retain the material.  Would take any class of hers!
mara as very nice and led a very good class
986217	Rose	Monteiro	3
Awful experience.Took crisis intervention w/her. I didn't learn anything and her grading made absolutely no sense. She was extremely rude when I questioned the grading. Take someone else!

Most useless class.  She refused to lecture just told personal stories and said the books would teach us what we needed to know.  Waste of money.
1001926	Scott	Darrell	3
Professor Darrell is very knowledgeable about the material.  He used a variety of activities throughout the semester to explain the material.  He is very accessible and flexible. I would highly recommend him!
Totally cute!
He is very passionate about policy and advocacy and it rubs off! It is guaranteed that you will LOVE policy if you take professor Darrell. He is very knowledgable and has a great way of incorporating current events and the &quot;real world&quot; into each class!
1440706	Wynne	Waugaman	3
At first I was a little apprehensive - She does not record the sessions which makes attendance a must. but later found it a pleasure to be in class. She is an easy grader and is not an APA format nazi. She is more concerned about you experiencing self awareness than the format. 
easy grader, but incredibly boring.  Spent every class (for the entire three hours) sitting at her computer reading us her power points.

1447269	Sable	Pat	3
So invested in attachment theory she seemed unable to properly articulate important aspects of other theories. Her limitations are becoming even clearer in the second part of the class, where we have a much better instructor.
Very nice and helpful, Grades easy. But she will go on many tangents, and teach a lot about attachment.
She loves attachment
1509065	Jim	Burklo	3
Excellent professor. I highly recommend his class. He enjoys his job and engages everyone in his class.
Very nice and approachable prof. As I'm micro focused I was not excited about this class. However his passion and bkgd in activism sparked my interest in social welfare policy which I never thought would happen. He works with you to understand material, always available for office hours. He will even read drafts so you can improve your grade.
Pro: He is a very nice man (he's a reverend after all). Very helpful and available if you need help, will even read your draft!. Easy grader, most grades are A's or B's.                           Con: tend to get off topic and talk about his life and history, interesting to listen to but I felt like I didn't learn anything.
1576966	Michael	Hurlburt	3
Professor Hurlburt is amazing. He goes above and beyond his call of duty. His grading system is fair. He has a lot of experience with research and he tries his best to make sure everyone understands what is going on. Great professor.
Professor Hurlburt goes beyond the call of duty to help students grasp the concepts in his class. While it may be hard to follow him at times, you are able to get office hours with him where he will happily go over anything with you that you do not understand. He is fair and just in his grading as well.
Dr. Hurlburt is a very inconsistent grader. He has poor communication skills, and his class is disengaging. I would highly recommend taking a different professor than him as even top students who have previous research experience find him inconsistent in his grading. He is a stressed person and often projects his anxiety on students. BAD PROFESSOR!
1606035	George	Orras	3
Orras is a hard grader, however, it is not impossible to get an A because I did for my midterm.  He keeps you accountable for the readings because you have to be proactive in his class which keeps it interesting. He knows his theories well!
I took professor Orras for SOWK 503 & 505. He is a great professor. He made teaching theories interesting and easy to comprehend. I strongly recommend him.
Professor Orras knows his stuff.  He expects you to do all your reading and expects participation.  This can be good because it will keep you on check if you don't want to look bad in class.  He expects a lot of his students, but is also there to help you.
1631041	Edna	Naito-Chan	3
VERY VERY hard grader! I've done wonderful in all classes but this one on papers. No matter how hard I try, the papers always had something wrong with them. She is very nice, but a very hard grader.
She was easy to understand and made it interesting
She's a really good professor.  If you have any issues that come up she understands and will record the class for you.  She likes when you participate in class and goes through the material with power point presentations.  She makes the class interesting and fun.
1656813	Sara	McSweyn	3
I was advised not to take her by former students, unfortunately only her class fit my ideal schedule. If I could go back in time, I would gladly take the night class to avoid her.  She is not easy to talk to, unsympathetic, not very helpful, and her class seem to last forever. Her grading fluctuates. Avoid if you can! 
Excellent Professor! Very helpful, very passionate. Lectures are dry but interesting, if the class participates in the conversation.
Avoid this teacher at all cost!! There was no one who did this courtesy for me until after i was STUCK! She is very smart but has no connection with the student experience or students in general. I'm used to getting A's, working hard, and seeing results. There was no such thing with this teacher. Her attitude & grading is far too stringent.
1701802	Michelle	Parra	3
Professor Para is very helpful, knowledgeable, and a fair grader. If you attend class regularly, take notes, complete the A-Synch work, and study the exam study guides you will pass her class with an A. Do not over-think her test questions; long answers are not required. Follow her study guides. Don't waste time writing essays on the exams.
Parra is a pretty easy teacher and will help you if you ask, but she is very boring. She does not really teach the class either, she just puts you in small groups. If you need an A, take this class, if you want learn and are interested in research, take a different professor.
Horrible class! But prof parra is very nice. She will look over ur papers and help u correct them before uploading them, but this class is extremely hard and the work load is unreal!
1726653	Stephen	Koffman	3
He is very funny and cares very much about his students. His views are that, he wants you to understand the process of policy and how social workers are a great asset when it comes to creating policy within programs.
Professor Koffman is kind and is energetic about policy. The course is a bit dry, but he makes every effor to make it fun and a great learning experience.
He's super lax but still involved and dedicated to his students.  Really makes an effort to tie current events policies through social work in the news
1734613	Patricia	Chan	3
Does a very good job of explaining theories in great detail and depth. It is really evident that she wants all of her students to succeed, however, she can be a bit demanding as professor...we do have other classes!
Well, she did not give me an extension for my midterm paper during one of the most trying times of my life. Regardless, she is a good professor. She knows her stuff really well. She does speak good English and she does explain the subject with clarity. As long as you speak up in class and do your work, you will do fine.
Could not speak clear English and didn't know how to explain.
1735955	Rick	Newmyer	3
Rick brings real life application to what he is teaching, uses powerpoints, and is more than willing to help students. I would recommend him to any student.
He made class interesting even though I don't like the topic. He is also pretty funny.
Prof Newmyer teaches SOWK 534, 535, and some other macro classes.  He is very fair and creates a respectful class environment.  He doesn't push his opinions on students, but rather facilitates safe discussions without giving his personal views.  I wish he taught more classes that I need!
1745032	Katherine	November	3
Professor November is an okay professor. Okay meaning she is very nice, but her lectures are boring, not engaging. She reads directly off the powerpoint. She did not respond in a timely manner to emails and did not provide any feedback on papers.  Not great, not horrible.  
Great professor. She's clear and concise, responds to emails quickly, and makes the assignments difficult enough that you learn a lot.
She's a very nice teacher and is very understanding.  She grades fairly and explains any questions you have clearly.
1773807	Benjamin	Henwood	3
Ben is very helpful if you need any ideas, or help with your assignments. He's easy to get ahold of and quick at replying. He's not very animated, but he is clear in his expectations and a good teacher.
Mr. Henwood is one of the best professors in the USC School of Social Work. He really engages and understands his students, both personally and academically. I highly recommend him.
Nice Professor. I looked forward to going to class. He will share real life experiences in a comfortable classroom setting. You will enjoy his class.
1816585	Devon	Brooks	3
Devon (DEH-von) is a tough professor not because the coursework is tough, but because he speaks his own language. Your goal, should you take him as a professor, is to learn the language he speaks. Brooks likes structure and doesn't accept answers outside the structure of the class. Make sure to ask him questions. He responds to emails often.
Hes not that bad, hes has things he needs to work on like Engagement skills. He knows his stuff but he doesnt know how to teach it to us in a way that the it makes sense to everyday lives.
Knowledgeable about research yet incapable of relying material in a coherent and consistent manner. His curriculum deviates from the the rest of the sections. Grades arbitrarily and comparatively. He has a rep for agreeing to office hours with baffled students, only to not be found on campus. Our Spr'13 class avg is 73%. Take another research prof!
1843693	Christopher	Atkins	3
Professor Atkins is a great professor and social worker, he truly cares about his clients and students. He can be a little hard to follow at time, and can get distracted and go down rabbit trails, but the coursework is easy, and he provides plenty of vignettes and real life examples to relate the material to and give it more depth.
Very good teacher...
Professor Atkins is a great professor, therapist and social worker. He may be a little difficult to follow in his lectures, but is very caring and knowledgeable about HBSE practices. Very client centered. A great resource to learn to be a great client-centered SOWKer.
1854077	Christopher	Mulligan	3
Prof Mulligan is awesome. He is hilarious and really knows his stuff. I always looked forward to his class. He answers emails and calls very quickly, and is always available for questions and help. I would love to take another class with him. 
Professor Mulligan is a very articulate, concise and organized professor. Attending his class was a rewarding experience, I would have loved to have him as a Field Supervisor though! His knowledge of psychopathology and diagnosis is awesome! He would be a great resource to connect with beyond the classroom.
This is the best professor I have ever had. I would recommend him to anyone. I had his class from 7-10pm and I was NEVER bored or falling asleep!! He is hilarious, SO knowledgeable and helpful. I had an amazing semester!
1897454	Victoria	Winsett	3
Professor Winsett is a tough but fair grader. She grades following the rubric and if you follow it, you will get all the points. In lectures she has a lot of experience to draw from and is clearly very passionate about the material. If she teaches any courses I need in the future I will definitely sign up for her class.
Professor Winsett has a big heart and a lot of background and experience to impart. She will share with you the good the bad her personal successes and her failures. It''s so rare to have a professor who is willing to share their own failures and really become human with the class.
You will learn an awful lot about addiction. Winsett is laid back and extremely supportive and accommodating. She has a lot of very relevant experience. She stays on topic and follows the async material so there aren't any surprises.
1916452	De Vida	Bell	3
Have todo your readings... Allll of them attend class... And ask a lot of questions.. Tough grader... This class is easy... But she makes it challenging 
She was a hard grader! But she was very engaging and wanted you to learn as much as you possibly could. Coursework was a bit long at times but it did help with practice. If you want to to simply coast she is not for you but if you want to be challenged i would take her. She does expect you to engage and make an attempt!
Do not take her unless you want to work you a** off for a C "if that". She bring forth some interesting topics, but is very strict when grading. if you do not write the way she wants you to write then "X" if you do not think the way she wants you to think then "X". Take at your own risk!!
1949672	Elizabeth	Swart	3
This class opened my eyes to a really hard topic but I am so glad I took the course. 
This class opened my eyes.  Global Violence Against Women should be a required course :)  
I am grateful to have taken this class about international social work and policy. I would take this professor again. 
53809	Vern	Bengtson	3
really helpful, good guy and you can tell he honsestly cares about students
Don't waste your time.  He has no clue about anything outside sociology (he butchered all math, science, and business he tried to discuss), but thinks he's a genius.  I could have never gone and gotten an A.  It would be bearable if he didn't talk.
Awesome Prof!! Great course. Fufills GE! Take it! A+++++
1575418	Veronika	Terriquez	3
She is amazing! Would definitely recommend
She is a very nice professor. She can be intimidating because she is very knowledgeable, but she knows what she is talking about. She is very enthusiastic about what she teaches and she tries to get her students excited about the material. She made me really like doing research!
Professor Terriquez is one of the best GE teachers I've had. She's extremely nice and really passionate. She got me to actually care about a GE which I have never done before.
1817794	Jennifer	Hook	3
She is a good teacher. She is very get-to-the-point. Her class is also interesting. There is more to families than I thought! Choose this class. 
I recommend this class. She is very helpful. And she basically tells you all the answers before the midterm and final in review sessions or office hours. There is also a lot of extra credit. Quizzes are easy. Go fot it. She's a really chill and awesome professor!!!!
Extremely nice and straight forward. The T.A.'s were very nice and easy graders. Tests are based off the slides. Quizzes are based off the book. 5 two-page discussion essays that were graded very easy. Videos were good. Controversial topics that were sometimes difficult to talk about/see in videos.
1865029	Jaclyn	Cohen-Steinberg	3
She's a great professor! She is very friendly and interested in the well-being of her students/their grades. Her teaching style is a little difficult to adapt to because she can be a bit vague, but if you go to office hours she's a lot more clear. She's great and the assignments are really fun.
Get a different teacher for Spanish 2, anyone else will be far better than her, especially if you haven't taken Spanish since high school. If you do decide to take her class take it pass/no pass. She is unhelpful at the most even when you approach her for help or clarification. She grades significantly hard. Her lectures are useless for the tests.
Very helpful professor.Take her class. Did not take Spanish 3 until my Junior year and I still managed a B+ in her class. Take take take.
1504909	Veronica	Medda	3
Professor Medda is very helpful and genuinely cares about engaging students and getting them interested in the subject.
Prof. Medda is a pretty solid professor. Quizzes/Exams/Mid-terms/Finals can seem to be completely unrelated to the material in the textbook - it's a common complaint of Spanish students here at 'SC. Despite this frustration, Medda is pretty nice and will work with you. It's easy to get a B+ even if you don't do that well on mid-term/final.
This is not an extremely difficult class if you study and go to class. She explains things very well, and tries to keep it fun. You have to volunteer in class if you want to get participation points, though. Otherwise, she'll call on the same people. Overall, a solid professor.
1794409	Julian	Albilla-Gutierrez	3
Super nice/funny person, though his accent can confuse, he's willing to repeat/explain! He gives you a lot of time to prepare for papers/exams and midterm and finals were a repetition of previous papers so everyone knew the material really well! He even lets you resubmit papers for a better grade. He really wants you to succeed. Very doable A.
Very smart professor that wants the students to enjoy that material. Watch 5 movies in class. 4 short essays throughout the semester, and the midterm/final are pretty much the same prompts. Great professor!
Nicest professor ever. Completely helpful. I learned so much about Spain but the class was easy. The tests cover the same topics every time and he basically tells you exactly what will be on it, but you still learn so much and it's a valuable class. Go to his office hours at least once and get to know him.
437382	Martin	Fusi	3
My classmates and I had a saying: &quot;You can't spell confusing without Fusi&quot;. Attending lecture was an exercise in frustration, and we had to depend on the TAs to explain the subject matter to us. I'm amazed I passed this class.
I had Fusi for 210 and 313.  210 was a disaster but 313 was great.  The class is small and I think that's where Fusi does his best teaching.  Class was interesting and Fusi had great insight.
Awesome stories, interesting plays, and a challenging course but definatley fun!
437385	Marilyn	McIntyre	3
Marilyn can be nice, but she just expects really particular things. I ended up getting a bit aggravated. Maybe she's a better directing professor.
She was very busy with real life while this class was going on (and she wasn't really supposed to be teaching it anyway) but when she was there she offered great insight and was very practically helpful.
No Comments
467068	Casey	Cowan	3
She has worked professionally and knows what she's talking about.  she has a varied and interesting design background.  she is fabulous at mentoring her students.  lucky to have her!  wish all teachers shared knowledge of the professional world as much as she does.  honest, personable, and easy to understand.
She teaches class out of her office.  She memorizes books in lighting theory, but she doesn't really understand what she is memorizing.  She gossips about other students and professors.  She really isn't competent in her craft.
Makes learning fun.  She has a ton of contacts for outside jobs and leads.  Very social and involved in the school of theatre.  One of the best teachers at USC.
671298	Kathleen	Dunn	3
SHe can be very moody, but most of the times she is energetic about learning in the classroom.  She breaks down the dialects very easily.  There is a paper after every dialect, and a small quiz after every dialect.  I learned so much.  She is a fantastic professor.
If you do what you are supposed to she is a great teacher and is willing to help outside of class.
Dialects, Advanced Dialects. Kathy rocks my world. She so knows what she's talking about and is incredibly interested in her students, and helping out in any way. A little hard to reach by email, but in class you have her 110%. She's amazing. TAKE THE B SECTION OF THE CLASS!!! Practically one on one coaching. Take it!!!
676963	Jacquelin	Pavlich	3
She's hilarious, and incredibly helpful with placement and such. I improved so much in her class!
She is very very eccentric, but if you get on her good side, the class is good!
No Comments
676970	Lewis	Segal	3
I dread going to class everyday.  Boring and very hard.
He's a very hard professor.  Don't expect to do well.
No Comments
468442	Rebecca	Hanft	3
Rebecca was the shizbitto. Hot like a griddle cake as well.
Average teacher.  I'm just glad to be done with WRiting classes.
Hanft is an extremely helpful and thoughtful teacher who is sincerely concerned with teaching students, not delivering concepts and leaving us to figure them out.
940315	Caley	Feagin	3
Writing classes are almost never fun to take, and Feagin knows this. His goal is to provide a great writing class experience, and he knows what he's doing. He's fun to talk to, easy to approach, and genuinely cares about each student's success. I highly recommend him for a writing class...or any class!
This was the greatest class I have taken. For every incoming freshman that is taking Writing 140 in their first semester, if he is teaching the class try to get him. He actually finds a way to make a critcal analysis class fun. TWO THUMBS UP!
I don't like writing classes in general, but he was very clear about assignments and tried hard to communicate with everyone individually. It seemed like he genuinely wanted to teach and often emailed all of his students to update them. His feedback was extremely helpful and I feel like my writing has improved because of it. GREAT TEACHER!
974954	Stephen	Mack	3
He's a really nice guy and extremely relaxed, but I didn't find his comments all that helpful. You should turn in good work for the class, but you need to be self-motivated because he doesn't pressure students.
No Comments
more of a legal philosophy class than a pre-law writing class but i enjoyed it.
1004163	Lee	Wochner	3
He cares a lot about good writing and really takes the time to help students understand what separates good writing from bad. He helped me tremendously with my own writing. He can be tough; the slackers didn't like him.
the most arrogant, horrible teacher on earth. this man should never, ever teach. he wants students to celebrate him, has no interest in their learning. awful teacher.
No Comments
1336665	Corey	Madden	3
Had her as my section teacher for Writing 140. She made it enjoyable. Usually Writing 140 is a really hateful class but she has great, almost maternal attitude that really endeared her to the class, and she really cared about whether you got the subjects of the papers or not. Writing 140 is still super difficult, but Corey made it less painful.
Corey was a great teacher to have for Writing 140. She truly cares about improving the quality of her students' writing, and works very hard to be accessible. Her only flaw is that she doesn't have much experience as a writing teacher, but she does have tons of experience as a writer. Regardless, she's extremely friendly and was great this semester
It's WRIT 140 so its a hard class but she really loves her students and is very helpful in getting you through the process and making you understand the expectations. Class time is actually useful because its not mini lessons they actually apply to your paper. I would highly recommend her!
1339606	Karen	Wilson	3
Best writ 140 teacher ever! she gives extensions, is very understanding, and is very good at editing papers
An easy class but not an enjoyable one to sit through.  She also had a habit of talking about one of our papers (kept anonymous) in front of the whole class yet bashing and laughing about how bad it was. Luckily it was never my paper, but it wasn't very thoughtful (or funny).
Coolest writing 140 teacher by far
1403621	Gabrielle	Pina	3
A cool storyteller and hilarious professor! Recommended for those are ready to deal with challenges.
Amazing professor and spectacular story teller. I enjoyed every bit of her class.
She is a very fun to teacher to have. If your not used to reading everyday, get used to it if your going to take her class. But she does choose very interesting material for you to read. As long you you try and don't slack off, her class should be fun. Great teacher to have.
1496967	Sandra	Ross	3
Easy class if you're a relatively good writer. Four 5-7 page essays, couple of mini-essays. Was interesting at times, but she doesn't teach much. You usually leave class early, and often don't do anything besides read a couple paragraphs and talk about some issue.
Great professor. She is always helpful. It was easy to receive a high grade. Attendance is required.
Very good professor. She has helped me a lot in writing. Don't worry if you're not a good writer (I wasn't good at first either) because she can really help you out. She teaches students steps by steps; very clear.
1506596	Trisha	Hubbs	3
Trisha is Awesome!!!! The class is not easy, but that is not her its the program.  She knows its hard and helps us through the process.  She really is great!  Unfortunately she is moving and this is her last semester at USC :(
Trisha is one of the coolest teachers I've had, but I have to say that she does let her personal biases get in the way of her grading more so than other teachers.
Trisha is one of the nicest teachers I have ever had! She really wants to see you improve and is always willing to meet outside of class. She grades fairly and does give out A's (unlike some WRIT 140 teachers). You write a total of 5 papers and 1 revision. She is one of the best teachers I have ever had, and I hate writing! :)
1520119	Alex	Wescott	3
Alex is indeed a hard grader. But, he is also an incredibly helpful and understanding teacher. I pestered him so many times with my paper - revisions after revisions. He was ALWAYS willing to help. I'm so thankful I got placed in Alex's section because his class taught me how to write and I had the chance to learn from an amazing teacher.
Great Teacher very helpful. Very hard grader. Unless you are a great writer you can work incredibly hard and still not receive a high grade. Alex is also always available.
1st day of class said &quot;if you want to get an A on a paper it has to be able to be published in the New York Times.&quot;  Hard grader because he is not a professor but a grad student.  Besides this is, he is willing to meet you any time and is very helpful, just a very hard class for those who are not english majors.
1566609	Steve	Posner	3
Interesting class 
terrible
One of the best professors I've had at USC. If you have the chance, take him. You won't regret the decision. The course itself requires some effort, but his grading is fair and his standards are made explicit. I finished the class knowing I improved much more than my writing ability.
1660129	Marvin	Ferraz	3
harsh grade at beginning, then kept giving me the same grade over and over. it didn't matter if i spent two weeks or two hours on a paper. always the same grade. doubt he even read the papers
Marvin is probably the best professor at USC. He'll go out of his way to help you and he's extremely lenient. I am glad i took his class.
Harsh grader to beging with (but it IS 140) but I feel he really lightened up. Seemed like he'd be a stuffy type but he ended up being really chill. Most fun discussion sections I have had. He lets you have fun and is very nice when it comes to extensions. He is usually always available to check your progress on an essay if you like that.
1676723	Scott	Smith	3
My experience was horrible with this professor. During private conferences he accused me of wasting his time and bickering. Not mature and productive for a professor. I just can't say enough how low quality this professor is.
One of the worst professors I had at USC. It's a big sign if a professor, who received his PhD in English, is teaching in a writing department. That means that English departments wanted nothing to do with him. Stay away from this man, who has an enormous inferiority complex. Absolute horrible that an institution like USC employs people like him.
Amazing professor! Extremely enthusiastic, helpful, motivated & interesting. He broadened my writing capabilities. Class consists of 2 essay assignments and 2 essay papers & a portfolio. He includes 2 separate 2 week breaks for grading conferences so there is a lot of time off. Awesome professor, can't hype him up enough!
1894504	Alfred	Brown Iv	3
The worst part about Al, is that you can't focus the first couple of weeks because he's so hot. Besides that, he's awesome. He's very intelligent, and he expects the same from his students. He doesn't slow down with hard concepts, you have to keep up. I wouldn't take him if you're not a good writer. If you're smartcerebral you'll love him.
The person below me got it right. Al is so fine, like he's gorgeous and dresses like a hipster rock star (he's actually part of a rock band). But he's a hard grader, probably the most difficult writing 140 teacher at the school. My highest grade on a paper was a B. He's also kinda pretentious but you'll be able to look past that ;)
He's one of the hottest professor at USC. Like wow. But he made writing 140, the most dreaded class at USC, an even worse experience. He unnecessarily grades more harsh than he should. I risked my scholarships with this class. He's easy on the eyes but he ain't easy on your papers.
1947573	Amy	Silverberg	3
This was my first semester at USC, and Ms. Silverberg was by far the best teacher I had! She is so sweet and fun. Apart from being really nice, her lessons and personal experience as a writer made her class so much more interesting and helpful than your average mandatory class. Sounds corny but she influenced me to declare English as my major 
Amy is the best teacher ever. She is attractive, smart, and funny. I heard she does improv at Second City. We should all go to her shows. I also heard she has a really attractive apprentice. 
Amy is quite possibly the best writing 150 teacher USC  has to offer. She is kind, understanding, and very very often willing to work with you to improve your paper. She sees us students as adults and treats as us such, something you definitely won't find with other writ150 TAs. Her teaching style is relaxed and fun, prepare for lots of laughs! 
1966869	Jennifer 	Bankard 	3
Writing 150 is a tough class regardless of who the teacher is.  It is possible to get an A, but it's going to require extra effort for sure.  Jen is always available to help you with your papers; if you show her that you're putting in the time and effort, she rewards a higher grade.  Don't expect to write the 6-7 pages the night before and get an A
Jen is a great professor, even though the class itself can be tough. She is nice, helpful, and makes the writing process a breeze. If you want a writing professor, she is the one you need.
Great teacher who cares about students. Also very funny and has interesting choice of animal shirts. Everyday is a blast with Jen!  
593615	Steve	Hydon	2
Prof. Hydon is AMAZING! He is so passionate, knowledgeable and clinically experienced you learn so much from this man. He is a very good grader and fair to everyone in class. Always happy and positive, this class will be your favorite. He loves poems, group work, showing movies or video clips, and participation is a MUST so comment on everything!!!
Super hot! Great instructor, provides content with opportunity to process field experiences.
1190142	Nerissa	Brown	2
Easy class and very nice personality. She is always avaliable during office hours and maintained a relaxed atmosphere for class. Amazing Professor!
good prof, good with students and is very structured in her lectures, very powerpoint heavy.
1517641	Randolph	Beatty	2
Professor is so consumed with himself.  This class could have been fabulous.  Needs a new professor one who is structured.  Avoid this professor.  Hopefully he will be gone.
I'd go to class and he would just talk forever without really teaching us any concrete material.  Assignments were really hard, and I felt like I had no idea what the hell I was doing b/c he had never taught us what was needed for the assignments.  Boring, long, and unstructured class.  Final project was an absolute NIGHTMARE. I was up for 2 days
1565249	Karen	Ton	2
Awesome and outstanding professor. She actually cares about her students. Easily available when you need help. Seems to understand the subject well. The tests are not too easy but also not too hard, if you follow her lectures you should do fine. She's very clear, organized, and neat in her presentation. Best teacher I had so far at USC!
Such a sweet professor. She's young and kind of on the quiet side, but is always willing to help. Not sure if she's the best buad250b teacher, but she is very fair.
1697694	Joeseph	Keller	2
He is very knowledgeable and is one of my favorite professors in the tax program.
Really nice professor, does sample problems on board for all concepts. Two tax return problems as homework, two mid-terms and a final. Goes over what problems will be on exams so you know what to study. Definitely worth taking for acct 474 if you're interested in tax!
1707792	Bryce	Schonberger	2
Straightforward, helpful. One of the best in the department.
Great prof. I was concerned when I found out he was only a PhD student, but you wouldn't be able to tell otherwise. One of the better professors in the Accounting School. He is really easy to understand and is straightforward with everything. Take him!
635750	Todd	White	2
Taught at James Madison University, I would have liked the subject had anyone else taught it. Nice but totally obsessed with anthropology and is such a nerd. Reading intensive, might as well teach yourself. Teaches nothing in class, flies through bad powerpoints giving no time to take notes saying &quot;its all in the book&quot;, and exams are hard.
I loved my class with Proff. White. He took the time to make sure students understood; he had no problem with students asking questions; he always made sure students were paired up in groups to help each other if needed. His class was just fun. He is able to introduce higher level concepts to students without going over their heads.
1417648	Andrew	Lakoff	2
The class started out extremely interesting as the class topic was an extremely interesting one. However, his lectures became more and more repetitive over the course of the semester. It was like listening in circles. There were a lot of readings, but he rarely went in-depth into them. I'm pretty sure that our TA did at least 90% of the grading.
Great professor. He really knows his material, and is extremely interested in it making the class more enjoyable for everyone. Lectures can be a little long sometimes because of repeated material. I would really encourage people to take this class if they are interested in ethics. He also has a quirky sense of humor that helps lighten things up a b
1792933	Anita	Kumar	2
Kumar is a young professor with little to no computer skills. She read off her confusing slides. Managed to make up words and rarely demonstrated knowledge of English grammar. The material was philosophical, not anthropological. However, the exams were challenging but doable. The final project was a ridiculous amount of work but graded easily.
This course, ANTH 105 "Culture, Medicine, and Politics" is deceptive. The title makes it sound like a historical analysis of sorts when really it deals with abstract anthropological constructs like "othering" or "emergent narrative". Professor Kumar isn't very helpful or clear. 1 essay, final project, midterm exam, and final exam.
1854448	Christopher	Schmitt	2
Loved his lectures, they were so interesting and he answers questions very clearly. Exams are purely from powerpoints so there is a lot to memorize but not impossible. I would recommend a friend to take him! He has a great personality and makes the topics barable.
Schmitt is young and very educated in anthropology and other science fields. This topic is SOO boring and dry but he is really pleasant and keeps lectures lively. Does his best to keep it interesting. No hw just 3 tests in the whole course. They are very hard so study at least a week ahead.
669163	Amy	Murphy	2
Most Amazing Professor EVER!!!
No Comments
1168858	Mark	Bittoni	2
No Comments
so dreamy i forgot my major
1674997	Victor	Regnier	2
One of the best classes at USC. Lectures are long but Victor is extremely knowledgeable and offers a hands on experience that rivals few others. 
Victor is one of the most organized and thorough professors ever. The class is substantial & well executed. It teaches you to look, analyze and verbalize the built environment with a sensitive, trained, knowledgable and analytical eye. Victor goes beyond the surface and dives into immersive 3-dimensional knowledge of architectural design matter.A++
1719854	Daniel	Carper	2
Daniel is one of the most inspiring instructors i have ever had. Very passionate about design as well as helping students. Will stay to help you for as long as needed and is very patient with his students. You will learn ALOT from him and he will keep you inspired/ motivated. Great experience overall!
Freshman year teacher. Amazing overall and ATTRACTIVE. He always wants to help students with the projects& improve. Occasionally adds EXTRA 30-45 mins to class (which is bad if you have a class after). Strict &reaaally OCD about line weights but in the end it actually benefits being in his studio. He's really passionate about his work and students.
1829698	Alvin	Huang	2
Alvin has to ability to help you develop a project without explicitly telling you what to do. He uses a lot of metaphors and precedents so be prepared to think abstractly. Great professor who is extremely strategic when it comes to project development and presentation timing. 
Awesome!!! He rocks! If you would have a chance to take his class - do it! You will learn enormous amount of information.
921099	Malcolm	Baker	2
I love Malcolm! his accent just makes his class even more enjoyable, the only problem I had was that he didn't teach it as often as I would like, there were a lot of different profs that lectured.  But Malcolm had amazing stories and taught in a way that made you interested... classes without him my friends all fell asleep (literally)
I took this course as a GE.  While not completely difficult it definitely was not easy either.  attending class is necessary to get info for the slides as well as reading the course reader for extra information.  Your course grade lies in your TA's hands, talk to them early to figure out what they expect on exams and papers.
1801730	Jessica	Keating	2
Very intelligent and knowledgeable about art history. Articulate and clear in her lectures. Made lectures on the Northern Renaissance very engaging, even if you were not interested in the subject. USC incurred an absolute loss after she transferred to Carleton. 
Very relatable. Likes to help students and makes class fun. Very interested in the subject; will make you want to study more! Overall, very good experience, even though I wasn't sure whether or not to be nervous at first!
1909064	Sofia	Sanabrais	2
Best GE ever. Super easy. Sanabrais is passionate about teaching the course. The TA is also very charismatic and helpful.
Take this class for your GE2! Two 2 page BS papers worth 15% each, 2 exams worth 25% each, 20% participation. Surprisingly interesting but most people skipped class because it was at 8am. Very easy A. Sanabrais is friendly and passionate.
1826178	Kristine	Garroway	2
"Women in Ancient Lit"Super easy class and easy grader. Midterm and finals are easy as long as you do the reading. I believe most of the class got A's on the exams. The readings are short and an easy read. Some of the readings are online and you have to buy the books for the rest.
Fairly easy GE class, short readings and short papers, both the midterm and final are easy. Perky attitude and extremely helpful!
1723733	Steven	Goodman	2
His lecture material is okay. He goes through his lectures very quickly, so you have to be on top of things, especially since there is very little written information on the slides. That being said, his test was very fair, and book reading was not required to do well. However, he does not hold many office hours.
Super reasonable exams--gives you a choice of questions you can answer or not. They are typically large, conceptual questions and their accompanying details. He can lecture a bit too quickly but is helpful when questioned. Lectures are interesting and sometimes test questions are given out. Office hours aren't available too often.
1790027	Sergey	Nuzhdin	2
I don't know what he is doing in university teaching: he is arrogant, unclear, and surely frustrated to be there. I often sees the concepts he is trying to explain clearer than he does! My diagnosis: this is a person who thinks he is way smarter than he actually is. He claims to be a scientist but I doubt he is even good at doing important science
Nuzhdin is a nice guy. People think he's a bad professor but that's because he teaches the most difficult material in the course and has a thick accent that's hard to understand. Read the book and focus on his slides. He tests on big-picture concepts and it's more a matter of knowing how things work and less about applying things.
1969518	Raffaella	Ghittoni	2
Prof is really nice, but she has trouble explaining things sometimes and tends to repeat herself a lot.  The class is not too bad, especially because she has too much detail even on her slides, so reading the book isn't really necessary. Her tests are like 60% MC and 3-4 short questions. She will tell you not to write a lot, but do otherwise
Very manageable and easy class. Lectures are not mandator; she uploads all the lecture powerpoints on blackboard. The labs are mandatory but are easy (the lab final kinda tricky though). The two midterms and final are easy to get A's on if you just study the lecture powerpoint slides. She was really kind and helpful as well
1479572	Carolyn	Truong	2
She's really knowledgeable and helpful. She is very approachable and is always eager to help. Gives good tips for class and explains everything really clearly.
She is really nice, caring, and helpful. Her lectures are short and clear.. she always offers extra help if we need it and really knows her stuff about the class and lab.
34652	William	Gartner	2
Srong Minded!
Entrepreneurship taught by a guy who hasn't started his own business yet.
196970	Christopher	Harrer	2
He is a really cool guy and knows a lot about being an entrepreneur. He wants everyone to do well, just show up and do all the work asked of you and you will have fun and learn a lot. He brings in really cool entrepreneurs that tell you their story, it's interesting.
No Comments
200149	Denise	Johnson	2
haha power woman... thats funny. denise is very cool. u can talk to her about anything and she REALLY knows her stuff. good teacher, passionate, and always willing to help out her students. one of the better business professors ive had
Good class.  She's one of those power-women who scares me, but she had good pointers.
819067	Mike	Bozarth	2
Great lecturer.  Real life examples.
Great teacher - real life experience and really knows what he's talking about!  Refreshing!!!  Funny and cares about his students!!!
851438	David	Logan	2

No Comments
1121051	Sagiri	Kitao	2
extremely clear and organized lectures. not an easy subject, but she is very helpful outside of class.
Although my grades are bad,the lowest 25%.that's because everyone is scoring so well. There's no cheating. She's very strict about this. But I still love her class for her way of teaching. some instructor might be knowledgeable but they did not know the art of teaching. Well designed lectures, clear syllabus,  Very well organized.How I wish every i
1638175	Thomas	Ramsey	2
He is a really nice guy who wants you to succeed. The midterms are hard but if you study well in advance, they are very straight forward. He doesn't teach in class, just goes over the hw, meaning you pretty much teach yourself with the textbook.  No easy A, but if you pay attention and work hard you will be fine.
Good teacher, he's clear when he's going over the examples/homework but he doesn't teach the course material. Asks you to read the textbook prior to class and just goes over the homework quickly. I wouldn't recommend him if you never took accounting before.
1724655	Lori	Yue	2
one of my few favorite buad classes and professors
Really nice professor, classes always ended early, readings aren't mandatory. Largely group-project based, one final (which isn't hard to study for since her powerpoints are good).
1819008	Jeremy	Dann	2
[Review for BAEP 599 - Corporate Entrepreneurship] Great class that USC Marshall is lucky to have, which is largely due to Prof. Dann's ability to teach the material (he is an expert in the case method) as well as his depth of knowledge in the area and a talent for engaging his students in meaningful analysis and discussion.
Smart, laid back professor @ the USC Lloyd Greif Center. Brings a good mix of academic & real world experiences. Took his Corporate Entrepreneurship course. Thorough examination of organizational innovation, learned A LOT. Also brings expertise in design thinking & ethnography. Leads great discussions. Deep professional network = A+ guest speakers.
1870300	Howard	Geltzer	2
He's a super nice guy. Grading is kind off in my opinion. It's kind of his way or the highway so leave your beliefs at the door when it comes to resumes and cover letters. He grades presentations odd too, but the lowest you can get is a C so I can't complain too much.  But the class overall is easy. He's adjunct so only here half the year.
Literally the best professor I've had at USC so far.
1900929	Azin	Farzan	2
She is a nice professor. Work load was not too heavy. She has an accent, but not hard to understand. Anyways, she talks all her lectures with ppts. She gives out pre-class, post-class ppt. If you study for the final, you will do well. I messed up the entire semester, but study hard and got 90 for final.
She's nice and tries to help but her lectures are very dry and it's hard to pay attention. A lot of people just stopped going to class by the end. She does give a bonus assignment worth 5% of your grade which is nice. Tests are pretty difficult but practice problems can help a little. All in all she's okay but uninteresting.
1954398	Shon	Hiatt	2
Shon's preference for the Socratic method results in students scrambling over one another in order to shout out some surface level comment for participation points. Read the cases and come prepared for class because he likes to cold call. He basically pulls a grade out of thin air at the end of the semester so try to kill it on the final. 
He is amazing!
1969871	Zal	Phiroz	2
Zal is always accessible to students; he's always willing to meet in office hours, and will even let you call himSkype with questions basically anytime. I sent him emails at 1am and got a response in 15 minutes!   You need to pay attention in this class, and you should always go. But he's the nicest and most helpful teacher I've had.  worth it!!
Really nice guy and goes through the tough material slowly and makes sure everyone understands.
788152	Amy	Barrios	2
This class is great! Great use of technology, heplful TAs and you can tell the teacher cares about the students. Best class at USC!
Don't bother buying the textbooks. Yes, its possible to be a zombie and get a decent grade in this class. and YES it will probably be among the hugest wastes of time and tuition money ever. Yes, they give you the past exams... that'll cover about 80% of the material in the class. So if you can memorize slews and slews of nonsensical information, yo
960921	Larry	Singer	2
Singer is socially awkward, but as a chem prof, he knows his stuff. The exams in B are nearly impossible, but thank god for the curve and the lab grades and you'll do fine.  He lays out the reactions, but he doesn't spend any time to check for student understanding or to encourage students to ask questions.  I disagree that Ellern's section is toug
Singer lays it out for you, he provides a course reader and a CD with the lecture PowerPoint’s.  He goes over everything that will be on the tests, the only thing left for you to do is study.  Know all the reactions he goes over (and ideally why they occur, not just memorization) and you will ace the tests.  The tougher part is the lab section, Ell
1537397	Michael	Patterson	2
Awesome prof. Great guy who gives one on one attention to review projects. He really knows the animation business and catered the class to whatever we were interested in learning. We turned out some cool projects, if I do say so myself.
One of the best teachers at USC.
1572547	Janani	Subramanian	2
Janani is awesome! She is very cool and understanding, she is very helpful but most of all she is fun. She is fun talking to, fun to have class with. Highly recommend her.
She is absolutely awesome!  Straight forward, very clear, and enthusiastic about what she is teaching.  She made me love her class, and I hadn't even thought I'd like it before I took it.  Amazing professor.
1597898	Ellen	Seiter	2
AWESOME CLASS! Lectures are very clear, organized, and concise. Not a lot of work and you get to have fun conversations. She also brings in some really interesting guests. What other class do you get to watch the Colbert Report, Homeland, and My Little Pony?? Recommend this for anyone living in the 21st century.
Seiter is not the most interesting teacher in the Cinema department. However, this class is really easy and pretty fun. Your grade depends entirely on your TA and mine happened to be a chill marker. 1 paper, 1 midterm and a take home final
1599831	David	Weber	2
He was patient and helpful.  I learned a lot in his class.  On top of that, he's funny and enthusiastic.
People say he's &quot;nice,&quot; which I guess is true.  But &quot;nice&quot; is what you say when you can't say much good about the teaching. Disorganized, not that prepared. Feels like he's just coasting. And even though he's &quot;nice,&quot; after awhile you notice that he never likes ideas, and the insecurity lasts beyond the class. Try to get someone else if you can.
1627194	Robert	Gardner	2
He's a little scattered at first, but once you figure out what he wants, he is easy to get along with and learn from. I learned a lot in this class.
Nice guy, not the best class, not the worst
1812085	Robert	Buerkle	2
He made the class interesting and fun. He is passionate about the subject matter and very organized. I liked his choice of films and I learned a lot.
Dr. Buerkle is a very intelligent film professor. He uses various examples in the lecture to help students understand more about a certain topic. He also has a good sense of humor. But he talks too fast that it's a little bit hard to take notes in the lecture. But overall I love him!
1822665	Irving	Belateche	2
Professor Belateche was by far the best professor I had at USC! His lectures were full of specific lessons on how to become a great screenwriter, and his lectures were entertaining. He's also a great guy willing to go way beyond the classroom to help you improve your script. I actually feel bad for students who don't get to take a course with him!
This professor was incredible. I learned more about screenwriting and how to tell a story in one semester than I  probably could learn over a decade! He shared everything he'd learned in writing and selling his screenplays with the class and treated us like professional writers. I hope USC's other writing professors are as good as he was!
1872708	Vincent	Diamante	2
Vince is one of the most interesting teachers I've ever had. He is extremely helpful and goes out of his way to make himself available to help students. He has tons of industry knowledge and has great stories from his experiences. Very easy to get an A. Just do your assignments and pick a final project that's not out of your depth.
This isn't a class about grades, so it's understandably pretty easy. Vince is an awesome guy with a lot of knowhow about the industry. He's helpful and interesting to listen to. However, the class itself teaches you very little technical skill and he never actually accomplishes many of the goals in the syllabus. Okay class but not pragmatic enough.
1913129	Ken	Levine	2
Professor Levine has a ridiculous number of writing credits and a vast amount of experience that he frequently uses to enrich the class. You'll really appreciate comedy a lot more coming out of this class. Also the guests he brings in are very interesting. Enjoy laughing and learning why you're laughing. Fight On!
Waste of time. I regret taking this. It was a fairly shallow history of comedy that reached no deeper level than a Wikipedia article on the subject. The course was so long and drawn out that we ended up just watching tons of movies/TV to fill up the time, learning very little. The final exam was also unexpectedly difficult, which felt almost mean.
1944904	Perry	Hoberman	2
There was no connection between the reading and the practical work, meaning that neither really stuck and the class felt like it had no point.  Was forced to take this class for the MA+P major, otherwise I would have dropped.
You can't really avoid this class as a MA+P major so  make the best of it. You have no idea what your grade is until the end of the semester so you need to continue to work hard for an A. Perry is a grumpy old school professor and will become extremely frustrated if you use computers during class. Also, he becomes frazzled easily during lectures. 
222096	John	Nicoletti	2
He is inspiring and lets the class help guide the topic of discussion.  The design of the course is flawed (not his fault) but he does his best to help prepare students for the real world.  Discusses real-life situations that are helpful.  Good professor to have your last semester.
No Comments
718217	Rebecca	Weintraub	2
Such a sweet lady. Always straight to the point with assignments and exams. VERY helpful at office hours. Highly recommended and would take again.
No Comments
817032	Julie	Carver	2
She was very unclear. She does give opportunities to make up work, yet assignments are unclear-- not organized--I kind of hated this class
Doesn't really care about her students. Very strict on absent/tardy policies.  Class lectures/discussions rarely help for exams. Tests are unclear, graded unfairly.  Annoyingly specific about assignments.  Always frazzled, disorganized, doesn't seem to know what she's doing.  Has a very haughty & unfriendly nature for a graduate student instructor.
836716	Pat	Dean	2
Borders on useless. Avoid.
This woman is aweful.  I'm one of the only students from my graduating class that actually works at a broadcast network and let me tell you, this woman is in denial of the 1990s, let alone the 2000s and the vast changes in media.  To be honest, even I took her 1980s class in the 1980s, her personality certainly would have killed it then too.
1436350	Robert	McCan	2
Spectacular teacher!!!!
One of my favorite teacher at USC! you don't need to go to class. just do the assignments that are supposed to be done. presentation isn't hard at all! HE's AWESOME so take this class and you won't regret it :)
1706801	Lian	Jian	2
5 assignments that you have a week to do. Midterm and final are straight forward, just do the practice tests and know the study guide. When she gets to certain topics, she doesn't explain them well so it helps to be in class. Boring, long lectures where lecture material is posted beforehand and she basically just reads them word for word. nice tho
One of the kindest teachers at USC. Well-structured course with fair assignments. Good teacher and cares about her students- makes class & tests reasonable!
1706998	Michael	Overing	2
greatness
There are only 2 exams and a cumulative final. He barely lectures, but instead gives cases to students to present to class and asks hard questions on the spot. Cases were 30-50 pg. on average and details was crucial and on exam. I dropped after receiving the first exam. No way of getting a good grade. I dropped. First time teaching and maybe last.
1818495	Laurance	Strait	2
Professor Strait is probably the nicest and most understanding professor I have had at USC so far. His class is pretty straight forward - 3 oral presentations, one paper, a midterm, and final. As long as you skim the reading, you're fine. He's a really great teacher!
Professor Strait is awesome.  To be fair, his lectures are sometimes fragmented or overly complicated, and his examples are all over the place, but overall his class was incredibly interesting and he was EXTREMELY helpful in terms of feedback on our papers and in his office hours.  He assigns a lot of reading but you can get by skimming a lot...
500668	Ulrich	Neumann	2
Explains it too good.
No Comments
922026	Steve	Jacobs	2
Yeso
No Comments
1951749	George	Edwards	2
I really enjoy the class overall. Discussion is very beneficial, although not many students participate in. Assignments are useful and helpful in applying concepts that I've learned during class.  I wish there were more assignments. Maybe simple exercises.
Course content is interesting, but the way he teaches it is horrible. He speaks extremely fast, skim through topics and does not go into detail. Assignments are more or less a joke. Response to emails is generally very late, sometimes up to a week. 
1751812	Jeremy	Gibson	2
Jeremy rocks my socks, he's always willing to go above and beyond for his students, and is understanding of real life interferences.
Super helpful. Core class for video game design. He's very intelligent about what he talks about, it usually isn't one of those classes where you find information obvious. He's tough, funny, willing to make fun of himself, all for your enjoyment and learning experience.
1905171	Alexis	Zoto	2
Class is based entirely on group design projects with littleno instruction. Alexis is extremely supportive and will really go to bat for her students. Don't expect an easy A and try to make it to every class meeting. 
She is apathetic to her students and just plays by the book. Doesn't give very interesting assignments and is ridiculous with attendance; 2 minutes late and she gives you a tardy for the class, with 3 being an absence.
1810582	Minnange	Qin	2
Qin laoshi was my favorite Chinese lecturer at USC, I had so much fun in her class!! She was super nice and her class was AMAZING!! 
awesome teacher who will do everything in her power to help you understand Chinese 1
447622	Jeff	McCombs	2
No Comments
Dr. J. knows his stuff and is very helpful. He believes in &quot;if you need help, ask for it.&quot;
635580	Harry	Richardson	2
If you show up to most of the classes, and he knows your name, he will do all he can to help you out.  If you think this is a class you can miss and only come on test days, watch out because he does take attendance and it counts for a large part of your gr
This class isn't hard but it is incredibly boring.  Richardson goes over slides for the full hour and 50.  there were a few HW assignments worth 15% of the grade, final=30, midterm=20 short (2-3pgs) term paper=25%, attendance=10%.  Trying to stay awake in this class was the most difficult part.
1406736	Shiekh	Shahnawaz	2
Shahnawaz is a really good teacher. He doesn't extend himself or go into more difficult material, but I think he's just adjusting to the calibre of the class. Shahnawaz goes through a lot of concepts with solid real life explanations. The only complaint I have is that he does get slightly repetitive sometimes.
He is extremely clear on his explanations but can get boring at times because he gives many similar examples for the same concept. But he ensures that you understand the stuff. very good professor.
1494144	Joonsuk	Lee	2
easy peasy lemon squeezy
He is awesome! You don't need to buy a text book. All the questions are from his lecture & slides. Notes are very important! Just study his lecture slide, your note & pre-test questions.
1955588	Lingwen	Huang	2
Lectures are a joke. Huang speaks in heavily accented english that rings through the ears like nails on a chalk board. Do the homework and use the MyEconLab feedback. It is a better teaching instrument than this "professor." In all, the tests are fair but instruction is severely lacking. 
To be honest, Prof. Huang isn't an awful teacher. Her tests are certainly not easy but if you review her lectures and HW really well, then it's certainly possible to get an A. Main gripe is that she is sometimes difficult to understand. Just do the work and study hard and you'll do fine. 
708074	Keith	Howard	2
Approachable, down to earth, a little opinionated but generally a good teacher.
Did a nice job
808465	Julietta	Shakhbagova	2
Read!
No Comments
891178	Maria	Blandizzi	2
People, Power and Politics was the best class I've taken at USC.  Bar None.  Not only did I learn a lot, but Professor Blandizzi really helped me to rethink the way I look at the world.
mrs. blandizzi is crazy hot, and hella smart!  i love this class we talk about real issues and she makes me rethink the world in very deep and serene ways.
1331148	Juan	Carrillo	2
Great insight!

1545712	Gary	Stiler	2
Nice guy, really helpful, but boring.
Personable.
1620711	Erika	Klein	2
Absolutely pathetic.  I don't have any other words for it.  Has no formal background in Education.  Doesn't have a doctorate.  Runs the program like a corporate office and seems like she's never taught in a classroom before.  Didn't know a single person who had a good thing to say about her.
Waste of time!
1661431	Cynthia	McCarty	2
Terrible professor. She teaches straight from the book. This professor is more interested in hearing herself talk. You would get more pertinent information by just reading a book. Save your money don't take any classes with this professor.
This prof. is teaching from the syllabus, word for word.  Why go to class, if we can read the syllabus&#63;  Her comments are shallow and reactive.  She has nothing to say to me.  Boring.
1731823	Kimberly	Ferrario	2
Nice professor but I  wish she would be more assertive. She is understanding and usually gives students the benefit of the doubt.
Dr. Ferrario is a caring teacher with a great deal of experience in her field of English-language learning. She relates well to her university students and helps broaden understanding of class material. I highly recommend her class!
1882805	Brandon	Martinez	2
DR. MARTINEZ MADE THE EDUC 506 CLASS SO INTERESTING. HE  ENGAGED ALL HIS STUDENTS WITH HIS HUMOR AND KNOWLEDGE. I REALLY  LOOKED FORWARD TO WHATEVER WE WERE GOING TO TALK ABOUT EACH WEEK. HIGHLY RECOMMEND TAKING HIM FOR ANY CLASS AT USC. GET READY TO WRITE A LOT OF PAPERS AND HAVE HIGH LEVEL RIGOROUS DISCUSSIONS!
Dr.Martinez is a really great professor. He's the epitome of amazing professors at SC. He is very cool, easy going, very knowledgeable. Do not take his coolness for granted, he means business. He always wears USC gear and has a lot of Trojan pride. I learned a lot from him. Great educator, fun personality. Fight on Dr.Martinez!
648320	Tzung	Hsiai	2
No Comments
Dr. Hsiai is a board-certified cardiologist, so he is a highly qualified teacher ideally suited for covering the cardiovascular part of the course.  He provides excellent full-color lecture slides that contain the important facts to know for the exam.  His lectures are interesting, and he is always approachable when students have questions.
778539	Ronald	Henry	2
Dr. Henry is a little hard to follow at times. He'll even tell you he doesn't know what he's going to say before class. He does get to his point eventually even if it's in a very roundabout way. He is very helpful if you talk to him during office hours and is excited about this subject. He's brilliant and willing to help. Highly recommend.
Very sharp, smart and nice to the students, also very patient. VERY recommended!
1041033	Chongwu	Zhou	2
Good Professor!
He has hard time to explain things from basic mechanisms. He is often not available to ask questions.
1106441	Alexander	Sawchuk	2
Prof. Sawchuk explain advanced theory in a graphic way that is easy to understand and remember. His class is very lifetime helpful!
Prof. Sandy Sawchuk explains sophisticated theory in live graphic way, easy to understand and easy to remember.He is an extraordinary professor who excellent set examples for his student lifetime. I would recommend any student in EE to take his course, because the course is not only about Fourier transform, it is a methodology of understanding.
1171716	Keith	Chugg	2
Fast paced and expects students to stay on top of their work all the time. Lectures aren't very clear and his explanations confuse more than help. 
Nice guy, VERY difficult class. Be prepared for information saturation. He assumes that students have a really good foundation and glosses over a lot of important small things.
1243201	Keith	Jenkins	2
Nice man. Explains clearly, though sometimes might make mistakes writing or get a little &quot;stuck.&quot; Overall very helpful. Gets students interested and focused by asking questions in class.
One of the best professors i've ever had. He cares much about students and if they totally understand the material.Very polite and nice person
1428053	Fokion	Egolfopoulos	2
Good lecturer, excellent notes, professor is well respected in field of combustion. Favors conceptual understanding over calculations. Do not underestimate course. Material is difficult, but he tries to make it easy and understandable.
Go to class bc the book is useless. Tests are really easy, he wants you to get a A/B.
1435665	Sanja	Ivanovic	2
Great prof, very thorough in her lectures. Although she is repetitive, you'll find it's not without cause as most of the class will be completely lost by the second midterm. She has an accent but she does write down *everything* she says so don't blame poor grades on that. On exams she's a fairly easy grader and gives lots of partial credit.
She teaches things clearly and organizes the course well: the midterms and final reflected the increasing difficulty. She is very helpful and works with you if she knows you try and pay attention. Even though class is early, it is worth it to come even when she repeats herself three days in a row for clarity.
1462251	Michael	Enright	2
At first the class might be pretty hard but if you are willing to put in the effort, and read the book along with his lectures everything will become much clearer. After you go through the class you realize that it isn't hard at all, it depends on how fast u get comfortable with looking at everything in the frequency domain. TAKE HIS CLASS.
More interested in his company than teaching and making sure that students are understanding the material.
1488492	L. Carter	Wellford	2
Really nice and very clear. The material he covers is dense but his lecture and his notes (coursereader) together make it relatively easy to follow. Be prepared to spend a lot of time mastering the homework; the exams are quite similar.
I took Finite element analysis, thinking it would be a useful technique. However, the software portion of this class is only worth 5%, and the rest is stupidly hard and is of little applicable use.  The class is not worth the effort you put into.  I would recommend taking AME 408 to learn something more useful than this class.
1502881	Maged	Dessouky	2
Good lecturer; very straightforward exams. I thought he stimulated interest in the content by asking abstract questions. Didn't seem like he put much effort into teaching the course, but still very engaging.
Not a great teacher...Material is very easy, but somehow he communicates it in a way that makes it difficult (ie read the book). Grades exams very lightly and uses the same homework from previous semesters (ie all the solutions are out there). Easy A, but your likely to learn very little.
1699025	Russell	Vakharia	2
Great class content.  Very helpful.
Really helpful and very professional. Keeps helping students with job opportunities.Very  very helpful and really humble.. The best thing is the level of effort he takes in grading the assignments. Since, this is a software related course his level of effort is really appreciated
1724531	Gregg	Brandow	2
He is a wonderful professor. I like studying structural engineering and he made it more interesting with his experience. Advance design of steel structures is a class where you need to stay focused and in his class I never lost any. His teaching shows his skill and experience. 
He is the of the highest caliber engineer with many years of experience that shows in all of his lectures. The course material, no matter the difficult, is explained clearly through his lectures. One of the best Engineering Professors at USC and a great example of a professional engineer to follow!
1875411	Jongshi	Pang	2
He knows material thoroughly so if you are lost in the lecture, ask questions. Go to office hour. He's willing to help. Also, try more examples on the web. There are tons of linear programming exercises.
mean and strict professor . He will not give you good grade i believe. just strictly depend on curve. It means that you will not get good grade.
1903039	Murali	Annavaram	2
Attend the lectures and discussion sessions you will survive the Assignments (still hard). Exams are easy. You will learn a lot from his lectures. If you are interested in architecture don't let the assignments stop  you from taking the course. Would definitely recommend for others to take up.
Guy's is OK, worked for Intel for a few years. Lectures keep you engaged (better than Dubois). However, course homeworks are extremely difficult. Be ready to spend lots of hours on homeworks. Exams are easier. DO attend the discussion sessions, otherwise be ready to get a lot of points deducted from HW/projects. Tough class.
1919497	Aluizio	Prata	2
theres homework every week that is so difficult. you gotta go to the ta's office hour to get hints or you have no idea how to solve problems.
Not a good professor. Won't give students hints. Not awesome. Took for EE330. Wish I didn't. Read the book; don't go to lecture.
1943755	Maryam	Soltan	2
Never take her classes. You literally learn nothing. Assignment question will have incomplete details and problem keeps changing till the submission date. Exams solutions are also flawed. Forget about inspiration , you might even think of changing your major for the mistake of taking this subject under her
She teaches from her slides. "Actually reads out what is written in the slides." To solve her papers you have to be a genius or find papers from other colleges because her classes don't provide the knowledge required to write her exams well.
1951465	Benny	Forer	2
great teacher and love him. he's so much fun in class. 
Great teacher, interesting, fascinating. Has the best stories about criminal cases he has handled. A remarkable class.
1958561	Harsha	Gangammanavar	2
Presented the material clearly at first, and later did not deliver the material in a way that was easy to understand. Curved down grades at the end of the semester without telling us.
Harsha is probably a new professor but definitely one of the best I've met at USC. He is very patient and helpful when you want to discuss about the course material. He's class might not be the easiest out there but with just enough effort it's very possible to secure an A. It was definitely a valuable learning experience.
289600	Vincent	Atichity	2
He is the f... coolest guy around in USC.
Atchity is a great teacher.  He makes you submit comments on the reading but it really just keeps you on task and helps you keep up with things.  I used to go in during his office hours and shoot the**** about things, very cool.  The best part about him i
828698	Carol	Muske-Dukes	2
Good poet but horrible teacher. Shes aggresive and seems to value no opinions other than her own. She tends to get into a lot of arguments with students during class, which makes the entire experience much less enjoyable. This was the only workshop i didnt enjoy. Itll do you good to just agree with everything she says.
amazing poet, and does a great job of delicately telling you how to work on your poetry. a great class.
1553604	Jervey	Tervalon	2
Well... it was an easy class, to say something positive. But it was easy because you never actually do anything. I'm not sure I ever turned in a complete assignment. It was mostly a "hang out in Tervalon's classroom" class. Pretty impossible to get something positive out of it.
In the end, this professor is pretty harmless. His class description for 303 is an exaggeration in terms of difficulty. You get little useful feedback on your short stories, and the structure doesn't provide a great working environment. But the class itself isn't difficult.
1644874	Tanya	Heflin	2
Tanya is AMAZING. She is a great teacher, so helpful, so smart, and you should DEFINITELY take her class!! I wish she wasn't leaving USC :-(
Wonderful writing instructor and great person. Benefited my writing immensely.
1726397	Karen	Tongson	2
Easy, but really boring. Didn't seem very interested in the material (it wasn't her specialty/focus). Three short, informal commentaries, a very easy midterm (almost the whole class got an A), and a final paper.
Smart, funny, cool.
1898212	Viet	Nguyen	2
One of the greatest professors. Really cares to know his students, and is always available to help. Very engaging discussion and always open to participation and discussion in lecture. Lots of reading, but very worth the knowledge you gain
Pretty solid teacher
671677	Robert	Ballo	2
Great professor! Really into what he was teaching about
No Comments
739335	Joseph	Janeti	2
great class if you're looking for more of an unstructured workshop. prof janeti is very laid back and very passionate about writing.
No Comments
747908	Tristan	Whitman	2
Is very easy going. Lets you work on your own most of the time, but is there if you need his help. The class was pretty easy, but you learn a lot. Hands on approach to the material gives you a great learning experience. Overall, great teacher and great class!
Really nice guy. Teaches you the basics, but sometimes you need to ask for specifics and clarification. Just ask questions. He knows a lot and has great creative idea but may not mention them at first.
970343	Jed	Dannenbaum	2
Dannenbaum is a truly inspiring professor and is extremely supportive of his students. One of my favorite profs in all of the film school (the other two would be Allen Rucker and Michael Renov).
WORST TEACHER I'VE EVER HAD!!!! This guy is an unimaginative, untalented sod. He penalizes students for taking chances or trying anything new and sticks to a boring and safe academic stance on anyone's work. He is the antithesis of creative filmmaking (his self-proclaimed authority). This guy is a sham.
1140730	Chris	Cooling	2
CHRIS COOLING IS SMARTER THAN YOU. -- The only lesson he seems to want to teach. Pathetic guy, really. Just so darn angry and bitter. I wouldn't mind if the class was interesting or if he graded kindly. But, as it is, AVOID.
Do you want to learn or do you want an easy A&#63; NOT easy grades. I read all, was on time every day, participated in discussions and wrote my you-know-what off and I still only got a B+. He assigned three papers, no midterm or final. Not shy about giving a C. BUT he was very accessible, answered all my questions-lectures EXTREMELY Interesting.
1298040	Ted	Braun	2
Awesome professor.  He really knows his stuff, and can articulated it better than most.  You will want to cry in this class sometimes (not because he's mean--just because it's challenging) but your writing will improve.
Great film analysis class. You may not always agree with his structural breakdowns, but you will leave with useful tools for structuring your script.
1403860	Jack	Epps, Jr.	2
This probably doesn't come as a surprise for the chair of the writing department, but Epps is the best writing teacher I've had. Incredibly knowledgable - in a field where everyone thinks they know what they're talking about, he seriously genuinely does.
The guy is so good that 45 min of talking to him, you will think you know everything to write a successful screenplay.
1407025	Bill	Yahraus	2
Bill is a wonderful professor! His class is always fun, but he can be serious when he wants. As long as you do your work, you'll have a great experience.
Fun Professsor. The class atmosphere is light and enjoyable.
1449232	Christine	Acham	2
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!!! Terrible and unorganized lectures! Teaching methods are not helpful. She just sits and talks for two hours! Save yourselves from this class!! Plus the TA was even worse! Basically a terrible experience. 
She's really smart but kinda disorganized. We would often have barely any time left for discussion cause her lectures would go longer than they were supposed to. It was cool watching popular movies from a different point of view. The class was good but more structuring would have helped A LOT.
1474826	Brenda	Goodman	2
Best professor in the production department.
Doesn't take any ****.  Very concerned about each student as an individual.  Very open to new ideas and discussion.  Knows the value and limits of her own knowledge.  Brings in great guest speakers!!
1519245	Vicki	Callahan	2
If you're looking for an easy A, take Social Media & Remix Culture. But be warned that you're pretty much going to be teaching yourself the software, because Vicki (though she's a sweetheart) WILL waste the entire class talking about why remix is vital for life. There are 4 main projects, and an online post in response to readings due every week.
Callahan was great. IML140 is a 2-unit class anyway, and as long as you do your work and contribute to discussions, she's really receptive to your ideas and is always down for extra office hours. She'll let you be super creative and doesn't try to use a bunch of cinema jargon or anything - it's just fun. I'd definitely take this again!
1195701	Rafiqul	Bhuyan	2
Do not recommend him. He is very knowledgeable but it's hard to learn from him.
Horrible professor, does not know how to teach anything in a way that students will  understand and nothing he teaches is useful at all.  AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
1516669	Harry	Deangelo	2
Professor De Angelo reputation precedes him. He is extremely knowledgeable and very passionate about his work and his students. He responds to student emails instantly and is even willing to help over the phone! However, his teaching style does not suit everyone. He lectures for the entire class and has no slides or visual aid.
If you're interested in corp finance, you MUST take this class. DeAngelo is one of the best teachers I've had at USC. Knows his stuff. The course isn't necessarily easy (the final is almost 50% of the grade) but he does an excellent job of teaching so if you put in the effort you'll surely see the outcome. Grade is 2 exams and 7 group problem sets.
1846674	Duke	Bristow	2
Very helpful and professional! You`d learn A LOT in his classes!
Fantastic class. This was one of the best courses I've taken at USC. Class starts with a discussion of current events, and the entire lecture is interesting and interactive. Definitely take this.
544055	Lockhart	Sharon	2
Sharon's a decent artist but a horrible teacher. The epitome of a tortured hypocrite artist, selling work for tens of thousands of dollars and hating on anything remotely commercial. She doesnt shoot, print, or even compose her own work. And her ideas of art history are stilted and inflated. She's a ****
She was a great teacher.  She can be a little intimidating, but she has so much experience to offer.  She can also be harsh, but it's constructive.
696324	David	Bunn	2
I don't think that I have ever had such a self-important, self-absorbed, lazy professor.  If you're not hot in his book - forget about any help.  What a classic- he lets the TA do all the actual work and then takes credit for everything - whatta a guy!  He's gotta be one of the biggest a******* in the school
I heart David!
739310	Julia	Paull	2
At first I felt intimidated by her because I was out of the analog swing for 2 years. An awesome 'art shrink', helped me figure out what I was subconsciously having problems with in my past photos. TOTALLY OPEN to creative ideas.  Only con: Majority of time is spent in interesting lecture, not as much time in the lab. Go there outside class.
No Comments
1013072	Alexis	Weidig	2
She is kind of mean, but the class itself is hard,lots of homework needs to be done.
Alexis is a pretty good professor. She seems mean at times but she's helpful when you get to know her.  The class itself though, is kind of boring.  You make color wheels, grayscales, stuff like that. Its not until the end that you actually get to design.
1187235	Phyllis	Green	2
Her cheetah leggings pretty much explain how she is. Really laid back and helps a lot... fun class but 3 hours can drag on sometimes
Miss Green is Awesome!!!!!!!
1520264	Mark	Wyse	2
Mark is awesome! I wish he taught more classes at USC. I learned a lot and he's really nice and relaxed in class. I never dread going to this class and am genuinely disappointed if class is canceled for some reason. If you make an effort and do the work (you're taking pictures and discussing pictures-- not that hard!), you'll do fine.
Mark's awesome.
1567567	Ozzy	Trujillo	2
Great design professor. The projects are fun and inspire you to be creative. He meets with everyone individually several times per project to hear your thoughts and help you. One of my favorite classes at USC.
Ozzy is the chillest Design teacher at Roski.  He makes you do the required color studies, which are lame...but his other projects are super open-ended and awesome.  Everyone gets good grades, which for some can be unfair, I guess.
1842746	Rachel	Roske	2
Great art professor. Very organized and knowledgeable. She gives honest and helpful critiques. She's not the easiest grader but working hard in the class will help you through. Strongly recommend any art students to take her class.
SHE IS AWESOME. very helpful easy to talk to. she is defanately on the younger side of the roski professors and open minded. If you try in her class you'll get a good grade. take her class its super chill and helpful.
1843912	Caroline	Thomas	2
Her projects are a bit restrictive, she really wants you to learn how to use the different materials featured in the class. Sometimes gives little feedback when explaining ideas. She means well. There are 3 to 4 projects a semester. 
She is very nice and easy to talk to. You do really have to put in time outside of class for your projects and sometimes the guidelines are confusing but the class is fun and you get to use a lot of different material.
1855227	Joseph	Potts	2
As far as design professors go, Joseph is really good at providing relevant, clear feedback on design projects. He is very laid-back as a person, but is committed to helping you achieve the best project possible, if you listen to his comments. Easily one of the most relevant classes for anyone presenting visual or written information.
Avoid taking Potts at all cost. Nice guy, horrible teacher. So so boring, and passive aggressive. Unclear about what he wants, while we spend almost every single 3 hour class in a critique when our time could used more productively.
1889485	Emilie	Halpern	2
Emily is an amazing professor. Hopefully Roski keeps her on the upcoming fall. She always leaves it up to you to create what you want, you will get an A as long as you show up and try hard. Highly recommend!
Emilie is seriously the best. She is encouraging and helpful and understands that art is subjective. She's also really funny and just super sweet, I totally recommend you take her!
1916488	Tanya	Batura	2
great choice
Tanya is a wonderful teacher and mentor. Whether you've taken ceramics before or have never seen clay, you will get something out of the class. Tanya really loves her craft and instill this love in her students. Class can be time-consuming, but it is ultimately, what you make of it.
1922947	Nicholas	Kersulis	2
Professor Kersulis is a very knowledgeable instructor. He doesn't want you to memorize, but rather to understand and think critically. Take it only if you  are willing to learn critical art theory. It requires a lot of reading, and attendance is a must. If you do not understand a concept make sure to ask him. 
Very arrogant, teaches his opinions as facts.
1943597	Katie	Queen	2
Knowledgable, creative, funny, engaging. wants you to learn and succeed, caring Enthusiastic  Challenging. I think anyone who is not in the art department looks at art as an "easy" class until they take art. I've taken ceramic courses before, but not one holds a candle to Professor Queen's curriculum. She got to be familiar with everyone.
Good teacher, took class for art requirement.  It was fun and I really did'nt have to work outside of class.  I would take her class again.
1969165	Jessica	Kanoski	2
She was very easy to understand because she spoke very clearly. She helped if you every forgot the French word and although the class was in French, she would speak in English if necessary. There were a lot of group projects and tests, but she was an easy grader. The class was easy, but also improved your French.
Very kind and helpful prof. Makes french class fun and interesting. Also she's pretty funny which is a plus.  She has her phd too so she's a good teacher, very smart. Also taught the class life lessons and french culture. 
1547396	Jennifer	Swift	2
She is the most helpful professor I know in the department (Spatial Sciences). I have had her over the course of 2 semesters and she has been a great asset to my graduate career.
DON'T TAKE ONLINE CLASSES! For some reason most of the Geography classes at USC are taught online. This is a REAL handicap that I just couldn't get used to. The course is entirely book readings and exercises or essays. I am very disappointed. I only ever saw my teacher Jennifer Swift once during an online Skype meeting and NEVER saw other students.
1818908	Yehuda	Ben-Zion	2
He is passionate about science, loves when students ask questions and display interest, a nice guy. I thought the material was super interesting, but the class is mostly copying down powerpoints.
Literally the worst Thematic Option professor I've had-- maybe the worst professor I've had at USC. Terribly boring professor, explains concepts poorly (and sometimes incorrectly) and tests on material barely covered in class. The only people who do well in this class are those with a large knowledge of science to begin with. Don't take this class.
1948700	David	Bottjer	2
Cannot stress enough how boring this was. Professor Bottjer and all the TAs were pretty nice but the course material is dull and taught at a somnambulatory pace. Midterms were easy, but the lab practical was surprisingly and unnecessarily difficult. Easy class, but the most bored I've ever been. 
Professor Bottjer seems like a very nice man, but his lectures are very boring. Every class you completely review what was done in the previous class. Attendance isn't mandatory, but his presentations are not self-explanatory so its helpful to go. Tests are not that difficult, but you definitely need to study. For an easy GE, this one is good.
1826117	Tara	Gruenewald	2
stats is stats. good structure.
Dr. Gruenewald is a really helpful professor who explains statistical concepts really well and is an awesome mentor. The class goes kind of quickly, but if you've taken a stats class before then it'll be fine. Really well-structured class as well
1732223	Susan	Schembre	2
prepare to be confused, her lectures get really confusing. tests are always fair, except the final is completely dif from the rest of the tests. do ur hw & study the ppt's for the tests and an A is do-able! Overall not a terrible class & not too demanding/difficult
She is a new professor to HP stats, and doesn't really have good organization in the class. The midterms are quite easy if you study the PowerPoint lectures, but the final is surprisingly challenging. Generally an easygoing class - few assignments, fair amount of studying. Good balance with tough science classes.
1812111	Laura	Ferguson	2
If you plan on taking this class, realize that you HAVE TO DO THE READINGS and do them before class while taking notes on it. Trust me, come exam time, you will love that you did that. More than that, though be prepared for her papers, which are short but require a very specific style of writing. Not a ton of work, just stay on top of it.
The class was very boring (3.5 hrs long). She mostly read off of the lecture slides, which she posts. However, she did make an effort to make the class more interesting with group work, etc. A lot of reading was assigned but I read. There are no midterms, only several short papers (max 3 pgs). The final required a lot of studying though
1889859	Julia	Borovay	2
Dr. Borovay is very sweet. She's very willing when it comes to helping out her students. She has in-class activity points so going to class for those are required. There aren't that many points in the class so getting those in-class points are important. Exams are easy and just one big poster presentation make up most of the points.
She's a nice woman but the class is kind of all over the place. Midterm, final, and a big poster presentation. Tests aren't hard, she gives you a study guide from which she pulls test questions directly. Fine overall.
1914343	Michael	Goran	2
Decent teacher. Class was extremely easy, shouldn't be hard at all to get an A.
Goran is pretty easy but always talks about obesity. It's his area of research but this class is called Intro to HP not intro to obesity. TA grades everything and tests are super easy. You don't even need the book to do well. You can definitely get an A.
679996	Paul	Knoll	2
Prof. Knoll is one of the most helpful Professor's. Just be sure to talk to him and ask him how his day has been...etc. He knows many students' names and is very nice. Study sheets are very important.
Dr. Knoll is one of my favorite professors at USC. His lectures are nuanced, interesting, and carefully worded. He gives do-able assignments and is helpful and friendly outside of class. He cares about students.
871288	David	Kaufman	2
Pretty chill professor. Very interesting and pretty easy class for a Cat 6.
Really great prof. keeps everything interesting and answers all of your question. teaches you new perspectives. i always looked forward to this class
695790	Warren	Bennis	2
overrated, just like sample
Only slightly more accessible to his own students than the impossible-to-reach Professor Sample. Maybe due to his old-age but his lectures are useless meanderings of self-promulgation...but maybe it's because his &quot;field&quot; of business management worked the same way: simple invention of haughty, seemingly-intelligent business consultation literature.
1777027	Chander	Burgos	2
i didnt like it
I took his photoshop class. Burgos is really good at what he does. He almost never takes up the full time.The class is pass/no pass, so he's chill about handing things in late. Not so hard. It's helpful to take notes if you don't buy the book. He doesn't respond to email. He sometimes goes kinda fast but I really enjoyed his class and learned a lot
1853919	Richard	Vawter	2
Very rigid class structure. He's not particularly enthusiastic about the class but the slides are very digestible. Go to class, meet all the deadlines, and you can get an A.
Lectures could be strenuous, but class is very straightforward and he provides the content in very manageable ways. Easy exams.
1930712	Roger	Schell	2
Its a Research-oriented course, but good to know the concepts
Best Prof in that Dept.
1655489	Laurie	Brand	2
Professor Brand is a very nice and helpful teacher, but she is a very hard grader. Not to mention she curves down, so a 92 is a B. She's clear and good at explaining the concepts, but she's a strict grader on the exams.
Nice, helpful, and clear but HARD
1716538	Shannon	Gibson	2
My FAVORITE IR teacher at USC! I highly recommend her classes! She is a new professor at USC and is really enthusiastic when teaching the class. She gives study guides out for her tests, which is really helpful, and I actually learn more from them!
She is so nice and not a hard grader.  Also she will provide study guide for the midterm.
1811884	Benjamin	Graham	2
Professor Graham successfully makes this research class interesting. He is engaging and gives career advice. The homework was straightforward, and there is ample extra credit. The tests consist of writing a definition, significance, and example for some terms from a list he gave us. Success is purely preparation. The class was easy but valuable.
Good teacher, but tests are 100% memorization and do little to test your actual knowledge, simply how much time and how good you are at memorizing (not exactly what one should be learning to do in college)
1990391	Andrew	Coe	2
Very clear cut lecturer. The assignments and tests are though, but he grades on a curve! He's very knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the material. He is a younger professor so he explains things in ways that are easier to understand. He is also not bad to look at at all. 
If you study IR with a concentration in foreign policy andor security, take a class with Coe.  His qualification surpass expectations (PH. D. in Poli-Sci from Harvard, 10+ years  as a research staff member at the Institute for Defense Analyses). He is a hard grader, but grades on a curve. Posts lectures online, but still read the text.
1431979	Eric	Blanchard	2
For this class, there is a ton of reading, a 5-7 page critical book review (for which you have to read one of the books he selects and relate it to class readings), and a journal of 10 separate 2-ish-page entries. All this is waaay time consuming. Lectures are so boring. I would never go to class if he didn't take attendance.
Super helpful, gives great study guides for his quizzes and midterm. Really entertaining in class to the point where its actually interesting to go to class. One 8-10 pg paper but he encourages talking to him about it. I highly recommend taking one of his classes.
1421690	Mary	Murphy	2
She's a very enthusiastic and easy professor.  If you come to class and take notes and read the required material there is no reason to get less than a B.
She is the foremost entertainment journalist teaching! She is enthusiastic about her work, and gets great guest speakers into her class. Explains how the industry works in a clear and exciting manner. The work is not hard; some athletes take the class too.
1421696	Les	Dunseith	2
Les is a phenomenal teacher; one of the best I have had in all 3.5 years at USC. He explains the material well and makes sure you have repeated the skills enough so that they stick. Although there's a lot of homework for the class, it's worth it because it helps you learn. He's patient, enthusiastic and nice. Do all the work & you should get an A.
Great teacher for graphic design. He works at the L.A. Times, and shares real world stories and photos. He helps the advanced and beginning student with the same dedication. The work for the class is substantial, but if you're into graphic design, it is really fun homework. Photoshop and Indesign skills can be hard to earn, but he makes it easy.
1654421	Roberto	Suro	2
So smart and helpful, great class and any class he teaches must be good!
Best. Man. Ever. TAKE HIM!!
1676053	Carol	Quinn	2
This woman is genuinely the worst instructor I've ever had, possibly in my entire life. Don't waste your time, find a different elective. She is rude, completely incompetent and offers no class structure or instruction. I leave every class literally having learned NOTHING.
This class is genuinely the biggest waste of my time/money I've ever taken. I leave every Monday angry that I wasted 3 hours of my life. The class is supposed to be a digital media workshop, but I had to teach Carol how to use her computer. She is completely useless, she doesn't know ANYTHING. not sure how she got hired in the first place. AVOID.
1865726	Diane	Winston	2
One of the absolute best lecture classes I've ever attended; it's a demanding class, but it's worth it in my opinion. Engaging and lively lectures (not to mention fascinating), even difficult topics are presented clearly. The guest lecturers are almost always phenomenal. Attend all the lectures, pop quizzes almost every Thursday. 
Dr. Winston is an excellent professor. Her course is difficult and the readings are demanding, but they enhance your understanding greatly and class discussion is well-structured. She is endlessly helpful and will reward you if you put in the effort.
550404	Maria	Bobadilla	2
Great teacher! Very friendly and excited about subject!
Great professor
993948	Andrea	Reyes	2
At Scripps College. She's not a native speaker and spoke in English half the time, which was annoying since we're trying to study Spanish. A nice person who cares about students but should be teaching high school, not college.
Prof. Reyes is not a native Spanish speaker. This is an important thing for us gringos as she simply shares so many little tricks and techniques to us just learning. On the flip side, she had to learn it and she grades tough because of it. Still, she gives very good in class work, helps prep for the departmental tests, and is very helpful.
1029555	Carol	Hofmann	2
She is such a great professor. I would definitely recommend her to anyone.
She is definitely one of the best teachers out there, and one of the best teachers I've ever had, kind and encouraging. Join her group if you really like the language, and it's gonna be easy and fun. Please do not join if you're only taking this class because you have to, do not spoil the atmosphere.
1207914	Michelle	Babcock	2
great communicator
I had her for French I and she was sooooo helpful. Plus, she made us banana bread a few times throughout the semester. Very willing to help and pretty easy class if you do the work!
1604380	Gillian	Hadfield	2
Unique style of teaching, but seemingly far more useful than the regular case method. It took some getting used to, but in the end, I'm glad that contracts wasn't just another series of cases and a big final.
Prof. Hadfield is very nice and understands the material very well.  Because she is such an expert, she has a tendency to skip the basics sometimes and move on to more complicated things without building a foundation of understanding.  Overall, good professor.  Just don't be afraid to ask questions and make sure you and she are on the same page.
1604836	Tom	Lyon	2
Great professor, especially when integrating law, psychology, and child development. It was a great seminar experience as there was equal distribution of hands-on experience and lecture material. He is very friendly and approachable! Really enjoyed the course.
Prof. Lyon is excellent.  He explains things very well and is open to students asking questions.  He uses a lot of videos to demonstrate points (he loves Perry Mason).  He is kind, has a sense of humor and effectively communicate the subject matter.  Definitely a good choice for a prof!
1605103	Riaz	Tejani	2
Hes a really good professor with a lot of insight to torts...really knows his information...really well spoken and sharp and approachable if anyone has questions...the class itself has a lot of reading and is very difficult ...so just put in the extra work
Prof. Tejani's Legal Anthropology class was very discussion-based, which I quite enjoyed.  We were allowed to discuss the material ourselves in order to arrive at a better understanding.  He was open to suggestion for how to optimize the class and did not go overboard on assigning too much reading.  Great, young guy who brings a lot of energy.
1128586	Edward	Finegan	2
funny guy, grades easy
Finegan's class was slightly boring but I have to say that he as a person is amazing. He is the sweetest man, you just wnt him to be your uncle or your grandpa. He is kind and understanding, and highly intelligent. Take his class!!
1547241	Annie	McKnight	2
very knowledgable & creative, loved the gardening aspect of the class, super sweet and understanding, skilled with technology, enjoyed the readings though not all were typical complit 'novels,' fair grader, interested in ideas, discussion, and a positive shared experience. I like her a lot!
AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!! she is a total moron. gardening is a required component of a literature class. we literally did not read a single book throughout the entire COMPARATIVE LITERATURE course. she is (without exaggeration) the worst, most awful, least intelligent professor at USC!!! i wish someone had warned me.
1924156	Michael	Coombs	2
Hilarious! He is quite charming, only when he laughs at his own jokes. He is a dedicated and passionate professor, but unfortunately, I have some doubts on his actual substance on teaching an useful business class. Not many of his students really like him I heard, but he has a funny and interesting character. Anyhow, a hilarious legend. 
He tries his best and is very enthusiastic
1250071	Joseph	Priester	2
very nice guy

1611501	Valerie	Folkes	2
I thought marketing was supposed  to be fun until I took this boring class. The first exam is pretty easy, the second not so much, and the final is optional. The written portion of the research report is dreadful and her requirements and grading criteria for it are somewhat vague.
really really nice professor. very helpful and uses real world  examples and explanations. class can sometimes be boring but it's bearable. easy class. 2 midterms usually vocab from book and class notes; mktg project (not too intense). don't have to take final if satisfied with grade.
1971609	Dina	Mayzlin	2
Topics covered are quite interesting since they are more relevant to the younger generation. She is willing to accept and open to various opinions and answers from you. Excel is quite challenging but go to the office hours then you'll get it. Pay attention to the lecture and participate. Final group project is big so make sure you have a good team!
Very nice and fun. Midterm and final are based on being able to apply material concepts to realistic case, so kinda hard to study for. Seems hard but is actually easy. Hardest part will be excel because it isn't explained well. Class is a bit boring since if you grew up with computers and social media, the info seems a bit basic
687073	Atilla	Maroti	2
Despite his speech impediment, he was a very helpful teacher. He wrote everything down for you in case you did not understand what he said. He helped me every week with my homework during time that was not his office hours. If you ask him for help he is more than willing to give it.
A very bad teacher! He has a speech impediment/stuttering problem that makes it hard to follow his lectures. Even without the speech problems, his lectures are straight out of the book and basically do nothing to help you understand the material. That said, although I've never talked to him, he seems like a nice guy and isn't a tough grader.
711330	Wlodek	Proskurowski	2
Skip every lecture and you'll still get an A.
easy easy easy
1307921	Alex	Bene	2
the easiest teacher I've seen ever ! very helpful and also have a lot of extra credits.I enjoyed his class !
Looks like if you mixed Depp and Faraday from Lost.  This guy's a total space cadet, exactly what I would expect from a university math professor, haha.  He was a good teacher I believe, knows his stuff front and back, just has a hard time communicating it.  But he is fair, and he's pretty cool
1307989	Amjad	Tuffaha	2
Really good teacher.  His accent is noticeable, but not so heavy that it is a problem.  His notes are great.  The first few days he spoke very quietly and at the board, but he stopped doing that after a few days.  Go to office hours.  He's very helpful, and he'll know who you are.  Tests are hard and maybe a little unfair, but there's a nice curve.
Some people maybe the thrown off by his accent, but he's very methodical with his lectures.  Additionally, nearly every word that comes out of his mouth gets written on the board, so the accent should be a non-issue.  His tests can be difficult, but pretty fair.
1361920	Alan	Shumitzky	2
He makes mistakes when he explains things but he's really understanding and will try to help you out as much as possible. Just go to the TA if you need extra help. I'd recommend him. Also, sometimes it makes more sense to skip lecture, try to teach yourself then go to TA
Pretty easier grader. Says he will not fail anyone in the class which is nice. He makes some mistakes in explaining concepts but overall I'd recommend him.
1390554	Jian	HE	2
Australian accent (not Chinese like you'd suspect from his name) but taught the material pretty well and reasonably clearly. Tests were alright, not too difficult, relatively few questions in comparison to a lot of other professors though.
prof he has a heavy accent, but is definitely comprehensible. he is patient with students and explains the material well in class. i have talked to him after class and he is a really sweet guy. he wants people to understand and do well. he can be a little unorganized about midterms, but his lesson plans are good and he reviews old material first
1477171	Aleksey	Polunchenko	2
Great Professor. Really nice guy. Extremely helpful
He's a really nice guy. His 1st midterm was RIDICULOUSLY easy. His second midterm was RIDICULOUSLY hard, and he does not prepare you for the common final. However, if you study hard for the final, you'll do great. Just make sure you push yourself to study for that final. Overall, nice guy and one of the better math teachers
1502380	Kasia	Wasilewska	2
She is a great TA. Really helpful and explains things well.
Good.
1555187	Chinmaya	Gupta	2
He is very dry and all his notes from lecture are directly from the book. Having prior experience and success in Calculus, he made Calculus much more confusing than it really is.
he is a nice guy
1558925	Sandra	Ritz	2
This professor wants her students to like her. Unfortunately, she is not very good at communicating... with anyone. While a nice person, she is the worst professor I have had in over 6 years of taking college classes (including high school AP).
Great teacher overall who is looking to help her students.
1909123	Guangbin	Zhuang	2
Very tough professor. Not hard class, but very hard professor. Hard exams, hard homework. Avoid him.
Professor Zhuang taught the Calc I class I took during fall 2013. The material he taught was not always relevant to the exams or quizzes. His study guides were essentially useless. The lack of guidance about topics to study made it difficult to prepare for exams. We were not taught all the material that was on our final. Avoid this professor.
1927021	Sami	Assaf	2
Wonderful professor! Very enthusiastic about the subject matter and always available during her office hours to lend a helping hand. Additionally, some of her lectures were very mindblowing in terms of the way she helped her students to see connections. Would definitely recommend taking a class with Professor Assaf!
Sami Assaf is the best Prof. I've had here. Incredibly helpful, clear, and has a sense of humor. Lectures were enjoyable and she made us want to be there. Tests were challenging but she is a fair grader and is not out to hurt anyones GPA.
393594	Pariza	Rahman	2
No Comments
No Comments
1829298	Celeste	Pearce	2
I learned through our cohort that many students had wanted to start a review for this professor due to concerns about teaching..I had an OK experience, got a B, but would absolutely not recommend the professor. She was rude during class to a student, and is dry while teaching. You're on your own, 0 support by professor is given to you.
This professor goes off powerpoint slides when teaching and never by her own knowledge.  This makes the class absolutely boring.  She is unrealistic in her course outline by encumbering students with more work than they can complete, and offers very little empathy or flexibility about it. Very dry professor, would not recommend at all.
598536	Ludek	Drizhal	2
No Comments
I don' know what everyone else is talking about.  He is a fabulous aural skills professor.  Being a grad student, i am getting a lot out of his class.  fabulous ear, and very helpful/attentive to the students needs.
663588	Yehuda	Gilad	2
Yehuda Gilad currently produces clarinet students who all find huge success in the music world. With this in mind I think it is very fair to dub him the best clarinet teacher in the world. He will be remembered as a teacher just as Daniel Bonade and Robert Marcellus were. Studying with him isn't for the lighthearted but he is sincerely the best.
Prof. Gilad is presently the best teacher for clarinet in the world. He is a masterful teacher and a musical visionary. My respect for him cannot be conveyed in words and the amount I have learned from him, in terms of music and even life lessons, so much and I will treasure his teaching for the rest of my life.
735073	Larry	Livingston	2
Orchestra's great when he's conducting; however his comments are sometimes geared too much toward a younger audience. However, he's a lot better than some other conductors at USC Thornton. Very approachable and seems to care about the students. On the first day of orchestra, he gave us a score of Mahler 2nd for us. No other conductor does that!
Every word that comes out of Larry Livingston's mouth is inspirational to every single person in the ensemble. His conducting is straightforward and easy to follow, and his understanding for the pieces is impeccable. To top it off, he is simply a genius when it comes to getting excitement and musicality out of the orchestra. I love him!!!!!
1094040	Magen	Solomon	2
GREAT CONDUCTOR!!!
Such an enthusiastic director, and for lack of a better word...such a nice person.
1105626	Alexander	Suleiman	2

Extremely knowledagble about music and the cello. He always supports the student and is very good at inspiring the student.
1607303	John	Thomas	2
Great Professor!
Super easy class.  Grading depends on TA.  Tests are pretty easy, and not even worth much.  Listening can be a little tricky sometimes.  Going to the jazz concerts at Ground Zero can get annoying.  Lectures get boring.  Book not used.  Probably one of the best diversity options, especially if your Category 6 GE isn't one.  Really nice guy.
1623690	Andrea	Stolpe	2
Didn't go over music theory past a basic level. It's Songwriting I for non-music majors, so I'm not really surprised. (Though if you're serious about writing good music, theory knowledge is essential.) Show up to class every week and participate, and you get an A. Class mostly consists of presenting new material and getting feedback from peers.
kinda lame if you know anything about music (i.e. what harmony and melody are...) but she's really sweet and more than willing to help develop you as a writer. definitely a nashville style writer, but she tries to not be exclusive
1633597	Bernadene	Blaha	2
She talks the entire lesson and never teaches.  Avoid her at all costs.
Ms. Blaha has some great ideas and a wonderful ear.  The only problem is that she spends most of the lesson time talking about non music related issues.  I could learn so much more if she spent the lesson time strictly on business.   She is a strong performer and a very caring teacher who takes care of her students.
1715495	Ron	McCurdy	2
Took History of African American Music with Dr. McCurdy. He is definitely an expert in his field, but he somehow expects the class to be to. Should come with a warning, extremely difficult. Multiple quizzes with extreme specificity, a term paper, two other papers, and two tests.  Great at teaching, but expects an incredible amount from his studen
McCurdy is great but the class itself is pretty disappointing. If you're looking to learn about funk and soul and hip hop, DO NOT take this class. You spend most of the semester learning about black music forms wayyy in the past. Powerpoints are pretty terrible so you need to go to class. HW assignments are annoying but easy. Tests are alright.
1723715	Bruce	Brown	2
Dr. Brown is very interested in music history and brings in lots of visual aids. I found the class topics to jump around a lot however, and felt like most of his lectures reiterated the text. Knowing what to study was difficult, as he doesn't believe graduate students should receive guidance (everything ever mentioned is considered important).
Truly cares about what he teaches; if the class doesn’t care, he gets bitter. If you show you care for the class he’s nice to you-always wants to help. A LOT of material and info--all based on lecture, not textbook; take good notes so you know what to study. If you need something clarified he will help you. Write fast;lecture covers a lot of info.
1844521	Kari	Carson	2
Her Aural Skill class is relentless with projects and quizzes and tests. I did, however, improve in my aural abilities because of her class.
The class is very structured, and the weekly mini-quizzes are actually a great way to ensure that you practice Aural Skills. Some classmates were frustrated that she isn't a huge theory-nerd, but she deals well with the diversity of skill-level and is helpful for students trying to catch up.
436218		Lazar	2
No Comments
Great scholar, awful teacher. All he did was read the stories in his reader aloud for the class, occasionally commenting. Our entire grade was based on two papers. I got A's on both, and still ended up with an A- in the class.
1750070	Vlad	Radoias	2
This class was not easy and Vlad did not seem to be the most organized guy but there's a method to the madness! Instead of just repeating the lecture he actually forced you to think! You learn the basic concepts then apply them to a bunch of different problems. Much easier than memorizing a bunch of different problems! Very good TA!
Vlad was the best Econ TA I've had at USC. I would've totally failed this class if not for his help. I actually recommended him to my friend as a tutor and my friend was also extremely happy. Very friendly guy and genuinely nice. Super knowledgable too and his way of teaching was refreshing and productive. Made she subject easy!
1829014	Flora	Paganelli	2
Overall this course was a complete let down.  The instructor taught the class like it was being read from a script and there was no real interest.  Assignments were returned after weeks of waiting and everything just felt unorganized.
Completely uninterested in the class and her students. Goes against the syllabus rules. The material for this class is the most redundant, unorganized mess I've encountered in both my undergraduate and graduate career. Her answer for anything is to "google it"- not helpful, I probably already tried that, thanks. AVOID at all cost.
1835113	Tessa	Milman	2
Such a great professor! I loved the application activities and the discussions we would have in class. This class teaches you what OT is all about. The tests are very easy and based on the readings
Professor Milman knows her stuff and is great at sharing her enthusiasm with her students. However, note that this class is taught entirely through team-based learning. Thus, each class is devoted to working in groups and even taking tests in groups. Do not take this class if you cannot work with others or resent group projects/tests.
909937	Jeff	King	2
King is very resourceful and knows a lot about the material. The one big drawback about the class is that that material can sometimes very complex. He goes over every concept numerous times to help you understand. He is very funny, and makes the class worth going to. If you don't, you'll be in trouble when you need to write one of his large papers.
Pretty much the stereotypical genius absent minded disorganized insanely brilliant professor. Dead funny too.
1786669	Bryan	Roberts	2
Great class, hes really nice and keeps it interestnig
He is a great professor. He is the most brilliant professor I have ever had. His class is not easy, but you can do well if you keep up with the material. Though he is a new PhD, he is a fantastic lecturer.
1865290	Ralph	Wedgwood	2
Ralph is an engaging speaker and is very clear. He gives back essays with comments that can help you improve on the next essay. Overall good a teaching his stuff- he provided all of the readings too, so we didn't buy any textbooks which was great.  The course was a little technical, but still interesting. Not arrogant like some USC phil professors.
He is passionate about what he teaches, and is very funny, but I felt that he didn't cover the topics in a way that lead to deeper understanding. It was a very technical and dry course, on topics that I wish would have been presented in a way that was more engaging. The course sounded interesting, it was just too dry. Poorly organized too.
1891612	Kadri	Vihvelin	2
She is great!
Prof Vihvelin is an amazing Phil teacher.  She tries to explain concepts (which can be rather dense) clearly, and she definitely goes out of her way to help students.  She is a fair grader and helps out with papers if you go to her office hours.  Definitely recommend her for a GE class!
1129759	Jennifer	Rooney	2
Great class. She is a fun, gives clear instructions, motivates students to preform at a respectable level, and very nice. She was a standout high school and college soccer play. She is also  a surfer and snowboarder. If you want an awesome physical education class for fun or as a GE take it with her.
You get a grade for playing what you love. Doesn't get much better than that..
1271764	Murray	Teitell	2
Interesting Class.
Great professor listen to his lectures. They are crucial to understanding material.
1898551	Hans	Bozler	2
great
Worst physics teacher I have had. Prof often mumbles, and is unorganized in lectures. When asking him a question, he can't explain clearly and was inconsistent.
1898583	Christoph	Haselwandter	2
Ridiculous professor. Horrible teaching style, gives you the concepts with the expectation to apply this to the actual course material. Would NOT recommend this professor to anyone. Do not take this class unless you are a physics whiz or insane. Good luck... you will need it.
Ha. Ha. If you sign up for his class, good luck. He's not a very clear lecturer and this subject isn't one you can learn just by looking at the book. Likes to make up seriously convoluted exam questions. 0/10 would recommend
1511120	Lori	Glasgow	2
One of the best classes I have taken at USC. Professor Glasgow is extremely passionate about this subject and makes each class interesting. Class is mandatory, but they are fun so you will want to be there...and you are paying for it...
Let's just put it this way, at the end of the semester, she suggested us to partake in another course she was teaching next semester, and I yelled &quot;YA RIGHT!&quot;
1516127	Jenny	Schuetz	2
She is professional and straight to the point in class. But in office hours and after class, she is encouraging and willing to give advice relating to graduate schools and career interests. She is nice, I think people mistake her reserved demeanor for disinterest or rudeness. Overall, she is a very thorough professor & values classroom discussion.
She is very rude and was not nice at all.
1623537	Diane	Yoder	2
Yoder keeps things interesting. The material is pretty bland sometimes but she's amusing and leads passionate discussions. She likes to play music videos and movie clips so it is definitely one of the more lively PPD classes.
This is the best class I have taken at SC. She is an amazing professor. Her teaching style is very interesting.  She goes above and beyond to help all the students. I tried to take another class with Yoder, but she isn't teaching the classes I need :(. TAKE HER!
708638	Karen	Zivi	2
she is very clear, very caring teacher. Prepares you well for tests and in class essays.  I loved Mrs. Zivi she is a great overall professor and human being as well.
This was pretty much a political philosophy class; however she is great if you are interested in the subject. If you want to miss class and just take the exams, I don't recommend. Without her lectures I wouldn't have passed the class.
709612	Alexei	Shevchenko	2
He is very nice and beyond helpful, pay attention, take notes and the class is not too hard
I don't know what I'm talking about.  Disregard this.  Use course guide.
885881	Kerman	Maddox	2
Take this class. You will not regret it.
He brings awesome speakers, is very middle of the road and super interesting!
946115		Newhouse	2
One of those classes I wish I dropped. Extremely hard course, would recommend others to take a different political science course for units. For worth risking your gpa for this class taught by adjunct professors judge fahey and newhouse.
1 paper, 1 MT and a 50% final. Great class, guest speaker every lecture, posts PP slides, final was difficult. GO TO CLASS! Grades things kind of harshly but it makes you want to work hard. Great class at SC! Criminal politics is very interesting!
960492	David	Sragow	2
Extremely caring. Very pragmatic in how he teaches and in what he expects from students. Attending class is very exciting. And did I mention he's brilliant&#63; One of the smartest people I've ever met and you'd be hard pressed to find someone who knows more about politics. Best professor I've ever had.
Great Professor! Most of the classes have little to do with the book, which is mostly a reference. Great insight into the field of California politics! exciting, engaging, and very insightful learning experience.
1560163	Mark	Bernstein	2
Easiest class I've ever taken at SC. 3 take home midterms that take max 2 hours to do, one in class debate that takes little to no prep, and the material is mostly interesting. Lectures are very dry, but worth it. Plus its once a week for 3 hours but he usually only lectures for 1.5-2 hours.
Easy class. Three take home exams (minus one if you attend every class) and one debate. No need to take many notes, read the textbook, or study. You can even redo the take home exams if you did poorly on them. Great teacher, but boring when lecturing. Interesting and easy class.
1892319	Diana	O'Brien	2
Professor O'Brien is a really great professor who is very passionate about comparative politics. Although her political leanings are clear based on her research on women in politics, she never pushes a political or ideological agenda and presents the material very well. One of my favorite professors!
O'Brien is a great professor with a lot of relevant personal experience in the field! Her class is very structured, and if you do the readings you will do well. I was not interested in comparative politics prior to this class, but I am now looking forward to taking more of her classes in the future! Overall, POSC 110 was a very positive experience.
1987888	Akram	Awad	2
Great class, enjoyable and informative
Professor Awad brings practical business experiences  to life in this class. You will find his lectures very enlightening on what you can do with a Law Degree. His guest lecturers are always dynamic and quite accomplished in numerous fields of work. One of the few classes I really look forward to every week for its uniqueness.
507999	James	Neuse	2
Dr. Neuse rocks!  His class is hard but he makes it as painless as possible.
Professor Neuse's exams were very easy during the beginning but became very hard toward the end of the semester-3 exams 2 count 4 final grade.  Although he had power point slides available online, he did not lecture with power point slides during class, which made it very hard to take notes.
673639	Mike	Dawson	2
He is extremely rude and unhelpful. An unpleasant person to be around. I don't know why he is a teacher and I do not recommend this class at all. Does not want to help his students at all.
worst class you will ever take at USC. so boring and useless unless youre a neuroscience major. requires a lot of textbook reading and memorization. not worth it. lecture is very difficult to stay awake in.
1513381	Stanley	Huey	2
There is a lot of material. He assigns readings on Blackboard on top of the textbook, which is mandatory. His exams are multiple choice, and very specific. There are only three exams the whole semester, which makes the class more difficult.
Class is somewhat dense & he can be a bit convoluted. He's very knowledgeable on the subject but it feels like there's so much he wants to get across that there's no time to really delve into specifics. He tends to be absent-minded. Very nice tho. 3 tests including the final w/ an extra credit opp. Tests are somewhat intense- studying required.
1701935	Richard	John	2
The material is interesting, but he speaks extremely slowly, so if you're not interested it may be hard to stay awake. He can get off-topic. Some of the material can be tricky if you're not crazy about math. But, he makes himself very available to  help students, and workload is manageable. He seems to enjoy teaching.
Pretty good professor. The class was really slow, but incredibly easy. You don't need to read the textbook, but it was a pretty interesting anyway. I enjoyed it, most people will.
1900138	Greene	Ernest	2
Didn't know my grade the whole semester since everyone failed the tests. At the end he just have you what he wanted. He had to give out 1/3 cs, bs and as. So he just have out whatever he wanted. This guy shouldn't be teaching a class and wasting my money
Horrible class.  Some information was just plain out wrong.  No structure in the class. Make you memorize 8 PowerPoint( each have like 50 slides) . It's pointless. Mostly all neuroscience stuff, nothing to do with psychology really. Quizzes were horrible. Tests and quizzes are so tricky. Only quizzes and tests in the class. Don't take this class.
1922980	Daniel	Nation	2
Loved the class--- super easy tests! Study and attend lecture, the usual. Offers a lot of extra credit at the end of the semester (10%). Nice guy and extremely attractive. 
He's a little monotone during lectures, but has funny moments. Seems very strict but is actually very open amd easy to talk to. His tests are straightforward. Extra credit paper or study participation available! 
958386	Robert	Campany	2
Very enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the course material. Helpful outside of class when it's needed. Sweet guy. Fair grading.
Good teacher.  Passionate about his subject and willing to help if you put in the work.  It helps to do the reading and it requires a lot of studying.  Very interesting class.
1422758	Lynn	Dodd	2
Dr. Dodd's freshman seminars are amazing. She really makes the archaeology come alive and you really get to know your classmates. She encourages you to keep in touch, and she's helped me out with projects I've done for other courses.
Professor Dodd is very interested in the material, but this class is honestly not geared for anyone who doesn't want to be a museum curator. She's not very helpful, she's often too busy to read your drafts, and she's one of those professors who blows hot and cold... you're never sure if she'll be very nice or give you the cold shoulder.
1710667	Jessica	Marglin	2
I love Dr. Marglin. She speaks six languages (including Hebrew and Arabic) and is incredibly well-read in religious literature. It's totally not hard to get an A and you should want to be interested in the class. Religion is so integral to the way that human thought creates society and she is a great avenue to explore the conflict between peoples.
I took her GE 5: Jews and Muslims and it was amazing!! She is really passionate about what she teaches and is extremely knowledgable about the subject matter.  She really wants her students to excel so if you are interested in religion, the Middle East, or culturehistory of JewishMuslim relations--I highly recommend the class!
1888127	Rueven	Firestone	2
Firestone is a fair grader with reasonable expectations. Readings are important to doing well in the class, but are pretty short. Expectations for midterms and essays are clearly outlined. Firestone takes the time to get to know his students, and is easy to talk to. Everyone who stuck around enjoyed the class. I'm looking to take him again.
There is a reason why almost half of the class dropped.
1819302	Darren	Ruddell	2
All around great teacher.  Easy to get ahold of wtime sensitive matters.
I really enjoyed this class.  Darren was helpful and showed interest and personal insight in the subject matter. I would no problem recommending this instructor to others.
567084	Grace	Chee	2
No Comments
dynamic, challenging, makes you think.
593618	John	Bola	2
Great personality and teacher! Kind of a sleeper, but he can explain things very clearly, you just need to pay attention. Not the most fun class to take, but it is pretty easy. Down-side...might be too easy to go into next years research.
Class feels almost remedial at times which is great if you are threatened by research, but might feel slow if you are a whiz already in stats..etc..
593626	Wendy	Smith	2
Loved this teacher. hands on skills. very practical.
Very clear and easy to understand. A little dry on some days, but overall much more content than I expected from this class.
1139693	Gary	Wood	2
He explains concepts thoroughly--maybe a little too thoroughly.  Class pace seemed slow at times.  Very interested in students learning the material.  Very fair grader.  Is a hypnotist, so his calm, monotone voice may put you to sleep.  Overall, I recommend him!
love him love him love him! he is super helpful, super knowledgeable, and a fair grader. he presents material clearly and wants to ensure that you understand. amazing experience and amazing professor!
1234402	Sheri	Kelfer	2
Hard grader, but fair.  Learned a lot.  Use info learned all the time in the field.
No Comments
1242808	Robin	Siegal	2
Very nice professor! You must do the reading and attend the class to get a good grade. She grades fair and will go out of her way to help.
No Comments
1306127	Mary Beth	Harris	2
I would never recommend her as a professor. She is unclear in her expectations for the papers, which makes getting an A almost impossible. While I still got an A-, she was the worst grader I've experienced not on in grad school, but in undergrad as well. Take someone else. The fact that she is nice isn't enough...
Funny, knows the material, sweet, cares about students.
1364129	Heather	Moore	2
She is very structured at times class seemed like it would be harder than it really was. I enjoyed her class overall but  a bit stressful at times.
Heather has a lot of great practice experience in working with political systems. Because this was her first year, the class lacked a coherent structure. She'll get better next year. I hope.
1443898	Ann	O'Brian	2
Great Professor! A perfect model for all social worker: very mindful, empathetic, culturally sensitive, gentle, listens! Take her. She's currently on maternal leave but will come back Fall 2011.
I love Ann, she is wonderful!
1509625	Seth	Kurzban	2
Seth was probably one of the greatest professors I have had at USC. He doesn't stick to the syllabus completely, but he only strays away to enhance our learning experience. He is so passionate about the field, and his enthusiasm is so encouraging. He is a new-age teacher, and rather than just lecturing, he makes the class very interactive.  
Doesn't follow the syllabus which can be frustrating because sometimes you feel you aren't learning much, but he's a nice man and a fairly easy professor.
1572896	Lynn	Jones	2
She was frequently sarcastic and rude and I didn't appreciate it. She wasn't very organized and didn't explain things well. Easy A, but I'll never take her for anything again. Oh yes, and she gets angry - to the point of yelling - if you don't address her as "Dr. Jones".
I took Dr. Jones for 503 and 505 and she was wonderful. The live sessions of hers and more useful than any other class I've taken on the VAC thus far. She's very engaging and uses multiple formats so everyones learning style is catered to at some point. Would recommend her to anyone for any class. LOVE Dr. Jones!!
1631075	Susan	Smith	2
Great professor, helpful, knowledgeable and understanding!
She's a good professor. She encourages discussion in the classroom but sometimes goes off on a tangent. She uses power points during class which are helpful but sometimes goes through them fast. She encourages the class to watch the videos on the VAC platform, so make sure you watch those.
1654236	Carolann	Peterson	2
Very knowledgeable and informative.  Enjoyed her class ans would take her in another class.
very knowledgeable, friendly, uses different mode of teaching to make it interesting. She's good :)
1673612	Danielle	Brown	2
Great professor, passionate, knowledgeable and diverse in her treatment. I took her for two classes and loved each class. Very understanding, expects a lot from her students and is willing to help when needed.
She does not provide handouts or powerpoint presentations. She reads off of her own typed notes. When asked if she could email her notes to the class, she stated "I don't think so". This class is hard and any tangible material would have helped. She grades really hard. I wish I would have NEVER taken her class.
1735912	Dan	Field	2
He was very organized and sent out notes and outlines before every class regarding what would be covered and what to be prepared for. He certainly did not hold anyone's hand through the course but led by example and was accepting of everyone and their opinions while keeping things respectful
I had this professor for Motivational Interviewing and loved him!  He was willing to answer questions, has real-world experience, and encourages students to be authentic.  I felt like I could be myself in his class.  I'm so excited that he will be teaching SOWK 545 next semester!  I gave him a neutral rating for grading because MI was pass/fail.
1745029	Carol	Lingenfelter	2
She talks down to students like we are in kindergarten. Does not go over the assignment expectations and if you are one page over the limit on a paper you get graded down a whole grade . And she nit picks over paraphrasing. I put all my papers through a check to make sure I do not plagiarize and she will count every word
She likes to go over the assigned readings in class and sometimes the videos on the VAC platform, so make sure you watch those. She's not always clear with instructions and isn't clear when commenting on papers.  She says nice things but gives you a lower grade anyway. She's nice enough, but grades low.
1750181	Terri	Lee	2
Terri was very helpful and encouraged open discussion during class time, especially related to the frustrations of many related to systemic problems with field placements.  This was very helpful.  Terri was a strong advocate for students and communicated the course material in a clear way.  I would definitely take another class from her.
Terri is awesome. She really cares about the students and advocates for us with our placements.
1758550	Dawn	Joosten	2
Great professor. You can tell she loves to teach. provides great handouts. will adjust her learning style to the feedback forms submitted. I have so much respect for that! very open to office appointments if you need clarification.
Great professor! Assignments were extremely clear and she was very intentional about making sure we were all on the same page. Strict with APA but it pays off! Wish I could take another class of hers.
1788827	Jeremy	Goldbach	2
Professor was young and energetic - making this class less of a bore! He returned papers within days (instead of weeks) and understood that a lot of students hate research, so he moved at our pace and made sure we understood material before moving on to the next. Since you HAVE to take research - take Goldbach! Easy on the eyes too ;)
Professor Goldbach is excellent.  He made a challenging subject enjoyable, consistently bringing humor into class.  He consistently made time outside of normal class hours to assist with individual questions.  I would definitely take another class from him if I had the opportunity.  Highly recommended!
1841448	Carlos	Moran	2
Professor Moran is very nice but he prides himself in being a tough grader. He is willing to answer any questions you might have. He leads the class into discussions which is great but it makes it difficult to get through all of the class material.
very devoted teacher. willing to go above and beyond to meet students to clarify class material. Very helful. Clear power points. Fair grader.
1865302	Rafael	Angulo	2
Angulo is a warm, generous man. He likes conversation and the class works better when people engage with him.
Very sweet man, very open. Considers his students to be colleagues and patiently listens to everyone who raises their hand, even when the rest of the class has checked out.
1873728	Patricia	Lenahan	2
She is very personable and friendly in class. She is not a hard grader at all but is important to pay attention in class. The material is not difficult but again it is important to stay up to date with the A-ynch work (VAC). She does not provide much clarity when asking for help through e-mail. Very dry, single sentence response.
This professor has great, varied experiences in the social work field and is willing to share about her experiences. Unfortunately, she is disorganized and class topics get lost. I'm not ever sure what we were actually covering. You'll learn, but maybe not what you expected.
1878223	Nadia	Mishael	2
Nadia is my favorite. She is so interesting and makes the lectures engaging for the class. I am going to try to take all of her classes. I would recommend this class if you appreciate the application of real life examples to clinical techniques. 
If you enjoy lots of role-playing and strict boundaries, this is the class for you. Prof. Mishael is a nice lady, but her teaching style wasn't for me. Go to her office hours, and attend class and you will be fine. She grades somewhat tough.
1878224	Debbie	Winters	2
Professor Winters is kind and has a lot of experience in social work related settings (particularly mental health). At times she has difficulty mediating class discussions, and can be hard to get a hold of by email as she isn't super tech savvy. Easy class b/c it's pass no pass. Do not need to buy the textbook-waste of money and isn't used much.
Professor Winters is kind and understanding to her students. At times, she can be difficult to get in touch with, and this can make her seem flaky but it is probably due to the number of jobs/positions she has taken on this year. Class is pass/no pass, easy material/class.
1878903	Bruce	Jansson	2
Jansson is a great lecture-based professor who focuses on the power we, as individuals and in groups, have to make change in our world. His focus on fighting for legislation and working together for the greater good is a must for all social workers. Definitely take him if he's available. His lectures are sometimes stream-of-conscious, so be aware.
Bruce Jansson continues to demonstrate in class a lack of cultural competency with the BGLTQQI2-S and seriously mentally ill populations. He comes across as an old white man who missed the boat as cultural competency becomes an  area of focus in Social Work. I'm not too comfortable with a professor who also requires students to buy his products.
1883611	Sofia	Martinez	2
Professor Martinez is incredibly helpful.  Class is a regurgitation of everything studied in the other classes this semester.
Prof Martinez is incredible! Super easy papers and is so supportive, exactly what you want in a field instructor. DEF take her!!!!!
1888004	Margarita	Villagrana	2
Thankfully, I had research methods in my undergrad. This is an extremely nice teacher, but not a particularly great communicator. She seemed unsure of the material and this class was very confusing. She was a lenient grader, if that makes a difference to you!
The professor calls on random students, even if you do not know the answer. She is a tough grader. Does not give enough time for test completion. Does not help when asked for extra assistance. Always recommends student support.
1897366	Shantel	Vachani	2
Professor Vachani turned my most dreaded class into my favorite class. She is very experienced in both law and social work and teaches her class based on real life events and situations, not the text book. She encourages a lot of critical thinking and  does a lot of class discussion. She really challenges you. Awesome teacher. 
Prof. Vachani is very knowledgable and enthusiastic about the material she's teaching. She has a background in law & social work, focusing on education and foster youth. Provides current events the week before to read up on and discuss in class. Fair grader, wants papers to be clear and to the point. Very responsive to emails. Didn't use book much.
1897461	Shawn-Marie	Marshall-Kaiser	2
Great professor. Caring and understanding. Definitely take her
Great professor, very accommodating and supportive. Facilitates discussion among peers rather than droning on in lectures. Great foundation year experience.
1910292	Leah	Hanzlicek	2
The research class is challenging in general, but Leah made the subject interesting and was helpful in explaining the material in a way that made sense.  I heard a lot of intimidating things about this class to begin with, but managed to survive it.  She has a lot of knowledge about the subject and is there when you need her.  Great class!
She is the best at providing extra feedback and help. She will work with you either through e-mail or meeting up on the VAC. She looks young but she is super bright! She knows the material very well and is a fair grader. Do not ever miss class. You must be attentive in class because the material is hardcore. She is a clear and concise in lecture.
1910596	Regina	Siez	2
Awesome Professor.  Laid back.  She's not trying to kill you with work but you will learn through participation.
Professor Siez is very helpful, and advocates for her students, however, there are a lot of policies and guidelines that she is not aware of. She also does not effectively conduct this seminar class. She does not know how to diversify the curriculum. I don't believe she is the right fit to teach this particular class.
1915836	Samuel	Prentice	2
Professor Prentice is funny, easy going.  Engages the class.
One of the best professors a student could ask for. He is extremely sensitive and compassionate to each student and goes above and beyond to support and encourage his students. He is truly a blessing!
1988933	Laura	Cardinal	2
She is an amazing person and instructor. Very willing to help even outside of what is taught. Pushed me to pursue other opportunities in my field and gave the whole can inspiration.
Awesome instructor and advocate. One of the best at USC. Would take again!!
1989016	Maria	Aranda	2
TERRIBLE, just TERRIBLE.  Don't take her for anything. This class is awful & she designed it. I cant imagine what she'd be like teaching a class she didn't create. You learn nothing about old people.  You teach yourself. You work your butt off.  She's rude, unclear, expects a lot, treats you like a idiot & inconvenience when you ask questions.  
If you want to learn about Clinical Practice with Old DON'T take this class. It is basically a VERY in-depth research class.  More reading than EVER possible.  BORING class.  Rude unless you give the exact answer she wants.  In class discussion is about caring for caregivers NOT older adults.  Assignments are very UNCLEAR. DONT take her class EVER 
1861537	Veronica	Montes	2
This was a really small class, so it was easy to participate. Learned a lot. Films shown were super interesting.
A wonderful lady and inspiring teacher.  She really puts her all into the course.  It is not difficult at all, just pay attention in class.  Always helps to participate. Subject matter is interesting, debunks a lot of myths surrounding Mexican immigrants.
1799753	Faith	Harden	2
Great professor. Very helpful and nice, clearly wants her students to learn and do well. If you've taken AP Spanish Literature this class will be pretty easy (but still interesting) as a lot of the readings are the same. Definitely go to class and participate, it will help your grade.
She is so nice! Really a wonderful professor. I can't speak spanish for the life of me, but she made me feel comfortable speaking in class. I actually looked forward to going! While attendance is not mandatory per se, I highly recommend going, as it lends to a better grade.
1863076	Sergio	Robles-Puente	2
The coursework is extremely repetitive and tedious. My test, homework, and project grades all improved during the course of the semester, fortunately. He expects a lot, but if you do try your best, you will get the grade. Plus, he bumps your grade if you're straddling the borderline. Overall, good experience. Just expect a lot of work.
Sergio is THE BEST. Such a fun way to fulfill a required language credit. He's hilarious and really bonds with the class. We had multiple fiestas and I still really improved my Spanish! Easy, but daily, homework load. Fair grader. Take Sergio!!!
1863882	Ali	Kulez	2
Great professor. He was very helpful and made made taking this mandatory language class much more enjoyable. Highly recommend taking his class. His grading is fair and he always explicitly states what you need to study to do well in the class.
This was Prof. Kulez's first semester at USC and he did a fantastic job. He was helpful, funny and made the class enjoyable. He grades properly as well. Definitely recommend him for SPAN 120.
1946849	Nathalie	Bragadir	2
NB is one of the best professors I've had. She is extremely helpful and genuinely wants her students to do well. Definitely go to every lecture because that could bite you at the end since attendance counts (my issue). If you're going to class, there's no reason you won't do well. 
Dr. Bragadir is kind & helpful (also HOT)! She speaks Spanish clearly, at a pace that is easy to understand. She's a lenient grader, and understands if you suck at Spanish or have other higher-priority classes to attend to. She does require portfolios (field trips), requiring Spanish use outside class, around parts of LAwhich can be inconvenient.
1951372	Martin	Ocon-Gamarra	2
Great teacher. Time flies by in his class, and he teaches the material well. He makes learning as easy and straightforward as possible, and he is also a really nice guy. 
Martin is awesome. Hilarious and laid-back guy who really helps you learn while making the class painless and fun. Love the guy, best professor I've had, you have to take his class.
1446751	Payton	Phillips	2
I loved Professor Phillips- she was hilarious.  She explained things well, was very helpful, and seemed to really care about her students. 220 isn't easy to begin with, but if you do the work you can get a good grade.  I think she's getting her PhD so she isn't at USC now, but if you ever are in the position to take a class with her, you should!
USC's nicest and hottest professor
1912820	Carolina	Castillo Larrea	2
Favorite professor by far. I've taken her class twice and am motivated to learn Spanish and prove myself to be a good student.
She is the best Spanish instructor I've ever had. Super fun, accessible and compassionate. Take a class with her. You won't regret it!
385772	Brian	Nelson	2
Brian's class was probably the most valuable educational experience I've ever had at USC.  He gives incredibly helpful feedback and really works to each student's individual styles and skills instyead of trying to impose his own technique on you.  If you want to be a director TAKE 305b!!
The best director for directing class.  Makes everything very clear.  Would recommend him with many gold stars.
437392	Velina	Hasu Houston	2
No Comments
No Comments
825296	Crystal	Peterson	2
I've taken A LOT of ballet in my life and she is one of the best teachers I've ever had.   She really pays attanetion to each student's individual abilities and needs and gives incredibly helpful and well articulated feedback.
SHES GREAT! We got a lot of stuff done in class, and she is very helpful. I've had a lot more energy since taking her class. Highly recommend!!
1236754	John	Rubinstein	2
Great teacher and class. Really helps you learn and grow and isn't afraid to push you and be a little harsh to get you to improve. Great at what he does and very helpful. Definitely a class anyone involved in MT should take.
A really great guy with amazing connections (and stories!) in the musical theatre world. But sometimes his audition techniques don't jive with what happens in real auditions. He helps you with material, and will give suggestions if asked. He's warm and friendly and made the class a really fun experience.
1580308	Oliver	Mayer	2
He's so into Oliver. You may as well not be there.
Playwriting 1 was my favorite class. Oliver is so encouraging, and his class was a lot of fun (plus he always brings snacks to class). You must read the plays he assigns, because you discuss/base your work on them, and you write a scene every week to be read aloud at random. No final, just a final scene. I'd take with Oliver again in a heartbeat!
1707893	Julian	Cha	2
Super chill, not much to the class. Really easy, kinda boring, but not a bad choice.
Julian himself is an incredibly chill, funny, easygoing guy, but the class is super tedious. It's the same format for EVERY class: read a play and respond on Bb once a week, come in and watch Julian give a fact-filled lecture via powerpoint, watch video clips about the playwright, and then discuss the play. Participation-heavy, but an easy A.
1850829	Bob	Bailey	2
Bob is an amazing professor and I have learned more from him in one month than I had in 18 years. He's so supportive and genuinely wants you to succeed. Offers the best constructive criticism 
He's a great professor who cares about his students on an individual basis. Since he's a director too, you'll subtly learn how to become a better director in addition to a better actor. You will learn a lot in a safe environment. Take advantage of his acting classes while they're still under-enrolled. Lots of one on one time!
1897510	Louie	Piday	2
honest and straight forward, no beating around the bush or insincere compliments
The notes are not very helpful. Woe betide you should you be dressed incorrectly for your character. The class goes very fast (2 monologues, 3 scenes), and you have to pick your own material.
1965369	Andrew	Henkes	2
His take on the subject matter is very narrow and he's only interested in his point of view. Uses the plays to expound his same old theories rather than teaching the plays. Not of interest for actors.
As a text studies class, reading was pretty dense, but Henkes's lectures are so informative, you could probably get by not reading everything cover-to-cover. His tardinessattendance policy is strict, so show up! He can come off as a bit of a hardass, but he's very professional, and genuinely wants you to learn. Knows his stuff and very passionate.
1968412	Karina	Eileraas	2
disorganized. makes false promises about when she hands back paper. 
The class I took was titled WOMEN WRITING DIASPORA: SEXUALITY, REVOLUTION & EXILE IN THE MIDDLE EAST & NORTH AFRICA, and to be straight up honest, this woman actually made class something 2 look forward 2. Simply put, she is amazing. She is essentially looking for passion in any presentation or writing that u are assigned. Do that, and u hv an A! 
271455	Elizabeth	Bleicher	2
She was an ok teacher. Didn't really help on structuring my paper. Its the only writing class i took that i didn't improve by the end of the semester.
Very reasonable. Understanding of students when they have midterms for other classes. Funny and puts student comments into consideration. Hard class, but learn a lot. Her grading rubric is structured so your letter grade on each essay is well-defined
683086	Milena	Gueorguieva	2
No Comments
No Comments
709783	Natasha	Alvandi	2
Funny and lightly sarcastic. Morning classes suck, but she helped alot. She's very helpful and nice
Tries very hard--does not get frustrated easily--genuinely wants what is best for students--willing to try new things--tries to keep class interesting--was willing to work with me on my writing--genuinely cares about students and wants them to succeed
943157	Shelly	Lowenkopf	2
Shelly is the most inspirational teacher I've had. He's always willing to work with students one-on-one outside of class. Lectures can go a bit over sometimes, but it's worth staying because he has so much to say about publishing!
The feedback I got on my writing in this class was, by far, the most extensive of any class/professor in the MPW program. Shelly really knows the publishing industry (and keeps up on trends). Willing to help us find agents and offer suggestions on where we might submit our work. Also willing to be a thesis advisor--a rarity among MPW faculty.
987877	Zeina	Ghazzaoui	2
Zeina is one of the best professors at USC- she's great!
shes annoying
1024601	Shauna	Sweeney	2
WRIT-140 is a pain no matter which professor or GE you take it with. Sweeney is definitely one of the better choices you can make. The assignments suck, but class is almost always engaging. And she's very approachable if you need help with anything.
The best writing teacher i have ever had! Totally helpful and makes class interesting.
1203351	Pamela	Cheong	2
I really liked her as a person and as a teacher. I'm sad that she's gone because I'd definitely recommend her to others.
She was so chill and really helped me improve my writing
1233635	Joseph	Eastburn	2
I really enjoyed this professor! He was enthusiastic about the subject when i took him a while ago. I looked forward to this class, even if the material wasn't the most fun or exciting. Very nice, and cares about his students a lot. 
He is really boring, has weird and uninteresting assignments and never knows what he wants from his students. He goes home to grade the papers and that's when he comes up with clear grading requirements making it hard to please him. Don't take him.
1237883	Lucy	Lee	2
One of the greatest professors here, by far! She is so enthusiastic about this class, and really cares about her students. I recommend her even if you aren't a business student for the WRIT 340 requirement.
Great professor who cares about her students. Go to class, go to her office hours, and you will do well. She is funny and knowledgeable.
1356311	Andrew	Loschert	2
Great teacher! His class was hard but I learned a lot and he really sacrafices a lot of his own time to help students! I learned more in his class than the social issues class where I was taking the class.
Andrew was fantastic! He's strict, but he's funny, easy-going, and really takes the time to work with his students one-on-one through conferencing. He's also VERY accessible between his office hours and virtual 24/7 email. While his class is pretty tough, it was absolutely worth it and I learned so much. Truly a passionate and engaging teacher!
1506571	Sarah	Briuer-Boland	2
One of my favorite teachers here at SC so far. The work for class was a pain, but I felt motivated to do well because she's such an excellent instructor. She's super enthusiastic and friendly, and she always does her best to make time to help students out. Definitely take her if you can!
Sarah is a difficult grader, but she makes class interesting and is always available for help.
1507990	Saba	Razvi	2
This class was about writing academic essays. She taught us how to do that. She was helpful and cared about if we learned in her class. It was easy to talk to her about essays in office hours if we had questions.
Liked a particular style of frivolous writing and didn't always respect other styles. Canceled without notice and made weird rules when we started hardly caring about the class. Did not enjoy her class at all.
1621891	Elizabeth	Wilcox	2
Ms. Wilcox is a great teacher. She went out of her way to make herself available to help and meet with me (if you take this class be sure to use her office hours). Her class is by no means easy - it is challenging but I learned so much from her. I am incredibly happy that I took her class and would highly recommend it.
By far the worst professor I have ever experienced at USC.Ridiculously boring lectures, extremely nit-picky when it comes to grading and is highly subjective (has favorites).I would never recommend taking writing 140 with her,she manages to make an already bad class a living hell(she made me wish I never came to USC, and ruined my passion to write)
1656477	Meghan	Boyle	2
Professor Olivas (Boyle on here) is one of the best professors I have ever had. She has taken the time to truly teach me how to write, and cares about me as a person. She is extremely smart and understanding, and if you put in the work she will meet you half way. But don't take advantage of her kindness, karma will get you. 
Boyle has a very calm demeanor that serves her well for a writing course. Explains what she expects pretty well, but she is a bit of a tough grader. Came out of it with a B+ (thought I got an A-) but the class was enjoyable.
1683274	Patricia	Nelson	2
Paired with Boone's CORE 102. Learned so much about writing in these classes. Clear, to the point, and can juggle the 500 different objectives that CORE 111 has. Very experienced in teaching these classes. Take her for CORE 111 or 112, and you won't regret it.
Patty was so nice and approachable and honestly really wanted to help all of her students write better. I felt that she gave us interesting topics to write about and that she really made the dreaded Writing 140 enjoyable.
1691935	Michael	Colson	2
I've never taken a class that taught me so much. You come out of the class feeling like you know the context and history behind everything you read.  Colson is a kind, caring individual. One of the most dedicated teachers I've ever had. This class will prepare you for any literature/writing class you'd ever have to take.
Colson is a great teacher who tries to truly educate his students.  He doesn't take the easy road like a lot of other teachers. Colson challenges you, wants you to understand, and he cares about his teaching on a deep level.  You come out of his class feeling like you know so much about literature.
1704495	Grace	Livingstone	2
She was a good instructor.  Class is difficult but every WRIT140 class is.  You really gotta keep up on rough drafts and go to the meetings if you want to do well.
Grace is a fantastic teacher. She's very relatable and helpful. Her classes are rarely boring, and she's a pretty easy grader. If you can, get into her WRIT 140 class because it'll make the experience so much better.
1712115	Lauren	Elmore	2
Lauren's really helpful and caring when you take the time to really talk about your ideas with her. She grades strictly, especially if you decide to bash liberal views, but I feel as though my writing improved significantly and she was exactly the kind of 140 teacher you want.
Lauren was kind and led a very interesting and thought provoking writing class. She was very available for questions but not always willing to help with a lot of editing so go to the writing center for that. She graded pretty strictly but it was not impossible to do well. I got an A- for the semester and I feel that my writing did improve.
1752936	Erika	Nanes	2
One of the best professors I have had since entering college. She's brilliant in all areas of writing and is a great professor to use for recommendations. Her classes often fill up very fast, so you can get her course, take it!
Great writing professor! She is extremely fair in grading. As long as you pay attention in class, take note of what she teaches you, and put in a decent amount of work in your essays, you will do well. The last assignment was a personal statement, which helps students applying to grad school. The only USC class I had that was practically helpful.
1811331	Phillip (p.T.)	McNiff	2
PT is an AMAZING and funny guy and really enjoyable to be around, but I felt like he was a weird grader. I'm not saying I'm the next Jane Austen but I was getting lower grades than kids who couldn't string a sentence together. One of those profs who grades on the individual which is not fair.
PT is awesome. Makes writing 140 easy to get through.If you take writing 140 with him you will find it more bearable d easier than with any other professor. He's also extremely funny.
1848039	Indra	Mukhopadhyay	2
One of the best teachers I've ever had. Great critiques! Creates a wonderful classroom environment. I do Not enjoy writing, but if you have to take a writing class, take it with him.
He is very insightful and chill. During his office hour he listens to the student a lot and gives very constructive feedback. The class helps me improve my writing so much. He is my favorite professor at USC. Take his class!
1860262	Ali	Pearl	2
WRIT 140 is a pain regardless, but at least she didn't make class time miserable too. A lot of my time was spent figuring out what she wanted us to write about because she's very opinionated on just about everything and catering to her opinions was the only way to get a better grade. She's a cool person, she just has strange beliefs and interests.
She rocks. Very opinionated, but very mind opening.
1928291	Carlos	Delgado	2
He is a smart, young and easy-going professor. He is always there to help you out when you reach him, but whether you can gain much from this class all depends on yourself. He is a really nice person, I like him a lot, although I was expecting to get a better final grade. The last essay screw me up as he was lenient in grading my previous essays. 
Carlos is my favorite teacher at USC. He's nice, fun, creative in his teaching ways and super open to help students as much as possible. With his help, and some effort, your grades will continue to go up through the semester. I definitely recommend him!
1941911	Cory	Nelson	2
The nicest and the most helpful professor I've ever had at USC! She is super clear and helpful on everything. It's a great class, take it if you can, you'll learn a lot!
She is the nicest and the most helpful professor I've ever had at USC! She is super clear on everything. It's a great class, take it if you can, you'll learn a lot!
1949439	Chase	Smith	2
Would not recommend, I am generally dissatisfied with him as there are no clear instructions as to what is required in the essay and often left student confused. I think the work load is comparable to most 150 classes but I could be wrong. Overall he is a friendly guy, no ego or anything, some people like him, some don't, it depends on you really.
Not very good. His lectures (oh sorry "writing workshops") weren't very useful and the assignments were more about analyzing sources in a specific way than exploring global issues. Your analysis is graded pretty hard but stuff like grammar and MLA formatting usually slides. Participation is part of the grade so be sure to speak up in class.
1761647	Leah	Hochman	1
Class is okay. Some material is pointless, some can be a little interesting. Overall, easy A. Do the reading and weekly online questions, which are easy and you'll be fine. She takes attendance and classes can be boring. Most of the reading is online so the only book you should buy is the one for the book report. Not a bad GE to take.
1319268	Alicia	Yancy	1
So much better than 280. Quite a bit of homework but only some is collected and she tells you which ones in advance. Very nice and helpful. Easier by far than 280. Tests and quizzes are easy and she's just very focused on getting you an A or B at least. Fully recommend!
1933196	Charles	Swenson	1
Swenson is a nice professor. He teaches well and explain concepts clearly. However, his 2 midterm exams were WAY too easy, and so the bulk of your grade depends more on how you do on the final, which was much harder. Most people ended up getting an A- or B+ because of the high averages on the midterms. Overall a decent professor.
1822876	Nayan	Shah	1
This class was a lot of work. Prof Shah assigns at least 2 weekly assignments and require 2  presentations from students as well as 2 papers. The content was interesting and he was actually very nice and approachable but he was frequently unclear about many things and it was a struggle to get a clear definite answer to questions.
705369	Nancy	Lutkehaus	1
No Comments
1203928	Nayuta	Yamashita	1
Yamashita is personable and friendly. However, this class is horrible. The tests are impossible bc of the level of specificity on such a MASSIVE range of material (literally billions of years). The fact that a gen.ed class will devastate your gpa sucks. Don't be fooled by it being an anthro class--it's not, it's memorizing the monkey family tree.
1530316	Ran	Boytner	1
Super fun class, because he's so passionate about what he does. Only one midterm, quizzes once a week and a final. Go to class, memorize your notes and you'll get an A.
1669951	Christian	Hammons	1
Cool, funny guy with experience. Class and the movies can be dull. Reading is important as the non-cumulative exams have questions from the reading. The reading is boring. 3 essays and 3 non-cumulative exams based on lecture notes, section, films, and reading. Not a hard class but can get very boring. Final project takes some time. Cool guy though.
1785479	G. Alexander	Moore	1
The class was not presented too well.  Prof. Digresses constantly on non-related subjects and seems all over the place.  80 percent of the class lectures seem on track. Other 20 percent seems kind of random.  Difficult to sit through mind-numbing lectures.  Some of the books selected are interesting though while others - not so much.
1908711	Thomas	Garrison	1
Great lecturer and explained the material really well - lectures were long enough to cover the information, short enough to keep it interesting. He was very clear about expectations and a fair grader. Assignments and exams were just what a GE class should be: informative, but not overwhelmingly time consuming. 
675258	Jade	Satterwaithe	1
Great knowledge and enthusiam!
699946	Jeff	Allsbrook	1
No Comments
699947	Glenn	Fearon	1
i really enjoyed the class.  very good
770850	Rios	Mark	1
best teacher i have ever had. extrmeley kind hearted man, and trust me...he knows what he is teaching. very modest indivual, even though he successful in the landscape architecture field...see for yourself at rchstudios.com...there is one term paper, one 3' by 8' presentation board also a midterm and final...highly recommend class and teacher
1241810	Jeffrey	Kim	1
Great professor who will give you the kick in the butt that you need [if you haven't gotten one already]. Very helpful when it comes to rhino and teaches his classes some extra tips to computer stuff (photoshop, illustrator, etc). Sometimes unclear as to what he wants you to do because he doesn't want to design your project, but you get used to it.
1884826	Jason	Kerwin	1
He often laughed at our projects and give us very vague comments on the direction we should take. What was worst was that he would never defend our projects at review and only side with what the jurors think. He would also use  review to communicate exactly what he expected from your project. He seemed to always be in rush to leave right at 6pm.
1910475	Elizabeth	Valmont	1
There were three instructors for this class.  All were pretty good.  Lizzie gave talks about acoustics that were not boring.
1975938	Victoria	Behner	1
Clearly knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the subject matter. Go to class, do the extra credit, and put some effort into your papers and you will pull out an A no problem. 
1975945	Justin	Brechtel	1
Clearly knowledgeable. Don't miss class or you'll have a hard time catching up. Fair grader but don't take shortcuts with the projects. 
739317	Thomas	Crow	1
Thomas Crow is a brilliant and professional art historian and a very nice person. His teaching of modern art is top-notch and captivating. I won't forget the modern artists he introduced me too. I wish he had a more stable teaching job, but he doesn't. He didn't seem to fully embrace USC.He's floated around and is now at NYU having left LA for NYC.
1817012	Kate	Flint	1
Professor Flint is charming and gives great insight, but can get slightly repetitive. The papers (5, 2, 10-12 page final) and photo documentary were fun. There are a ton of books, but do not buy all of them because only a few chapters are assigned. A lot of the reading is not important, and if it is, borrow from a friend/library or read online.
1983303	Hector	Reyes	1
I like him a lot! Never anticipated that GE5 could be so fun and easy. He is really passionate about French revolution. Exams are incredibly easy, and he gives good and detailed feedback on every paper, which I really appreciate. 
1997823	Heather	Daly	1
Very poor professor. She doesn't understand the material she teaches as she makes glaring errors over and over (Nuremberg Laws were in 1935, not 1934...). Class consists of 3-4 papers and your grade on them is determined by your attendance. She's very subjective and this has been my least favorite class this semester. 
1568319	Tiffany	Daniel	1
DO NOT take this class. Tiffany is horrible boring, rude, and self-centered. You cannot write a paper in this class without being consistent with HIS opinion, and even if you are, he will make an excuse to give you a bad grade anyway. He's on a huge high horse and the boring material does not make it any easier.
1660392	Celeste	Chong-Cerillo	1
average..unenthusiastic, but do not take this class
1722740	Jakowec	Michael	1
He's an awesome professor. He adds to  his lectures by sending out youtube videos and cinematic study guides. He's very clear and you do well as long as you keep up with the reading
1801925	Brian	Lentz	1
So chill
1851526	Matthew	Dean	1
Dean is kind of bland and boring, in my opinion. Didn't pay much attention or get much out of his lectures. He tests on the big-picture concepts so focusing on his slides and skimming the book are the ticket to a good grade on his exam.
1878018	Andres	Aguliar	1
This professor does not curve and believes it is unfair. Everything based on slides. No need to read book but should pay attention in lecture. Sexy Beard!
1899666	Ben	Files	1
Absolutely awful, expects all of the students to be just as smart as him. Considerably harder than all other TA's which destroys your overall grade. Take lab with someone else.
1974416	stephanie	bogart	1
Easy if you know how to study 
1998674	Peter	Ralph	1
It's not that he isn't good at teaching the material, it's that all your efforts to learn the material mean nothing fundamentally as he asks very open-ended questions with multiple right answers but only gives credit for the answer he had in mind. So unless you're a mind reader there's no hope. Even the TA had no clue what he was looking for.
319244	Yang	Chai	1
This class is intense but the overall quality of this class exceeds any hard homework assignments or tests that you will recieve. Take this professor.
757577	Pratik	Didwania	1
good practicals...
940136	Saifur	Rahman	1
No Comments
1032354	Bonnie	Kennedy	1
This professor has no idea what so ever what she is teaching...she completely goes off her notes and if you ask her a question she can't answer you what the right answer is. Be really careful of the tests because whatever is in her objectives is not focused on thoroughly. She using her own examples that have not been concentrated on in the book!
1477419	Xuelin	Wu	1
Easy test. read the book. Boring lecture, everything from book. Did the best on her test. Lectures are also hard to follow sometimes. But test is VERY STRAIGHTFOWARD. Past tests also help too. Overall, ok prof, easy test, easy A.
247476		Voit	1
Prof. Voit is an outstanding human being. He's definitely one of the best professors at Marshall!
308709	Mark	Kennedy	1
When approached for clarificarion during the final exam, Kennedy actually said &quot;What do you want! you've already bothered me once today.&quot; Terrible man. Way too much reading. and no point to his boring lectures. He's very smug and thinks his &quot;leadership&quot; class is extremely important, but he's a worthless leader. Used class time for his own research.
567074	Sriram	Dasu	1
made operations a lot more interesting to me. clearly knows A LOT about it and does industry work on the side. nice prof. accent can sometimes be hard to understand but not a huge problem.
684542	David	Carter	1
The guy knows everything there is to know about the sports industry. If you have some background in sports or entertainment business it's super easy to catch on with the stuff in class.
750381	Fernando	Zapatero	1
very good prof.
752303	Jenny	Xu	1
She doesn't do a very good job at explaing the topic and gets confused often. It is hard to understand what she is saying at sometimes.
950256	Regina	Trevino	1
SHe Really enjoys her subject and tests exactly what she teaches. No surprises here.
1044796	Richard	Hergenrather	1
Professor is very personable, but lacks the qualifications to teach graduate level economics
1095654	Mark	Lieberman	1
Mark really is not a great teacher.  While i did not do poorly in this class, I did not learn anything and felt my time was wasted in lecture. The book was expensive and Mark often makes assignments seem more casual than they are (If you have to present anything, it's very important). As a recent graduate, this course was a waste of money.
1248887	Sandy	Green	1
Sandy Green is the man! He makes class very fun & interactive. He has a real passion for teaching, and since he's such a knowledgeable guy, he's got a lot to give to his students. He's very demanding & you have to come to class & do readings. But, his session is very captivating & goes by quick. I like his teaching style, very relative to our lives
1288702	Derek	Horstmeyer	1
Easy class. Cool prof!
1315340	Nan	Jia	1
ok
1468064	Bill	Crookston	1
Him and Henry are the best professors ever. Hands down the most useful class I have ever taken. Has tons of office hours. Listens and gives great advise. Top 5 professors for sure.
1672908	Jennifer	Overbeck	1
One of the best classes I took at USC, negotiations gave me skills that I use regularly.   Professor Overbeck is a fantastic professor. Whoever was in charge of the decision to not give her tenure is an idiot and should quit before heshe harms the school further.  Seriously, it's a crime to lose a professor as good as Professor Overbeck. 
1706910	Heikki	Rantakari	1
Professor is really smart, helpful, and interesting! Tests are easy as long as you study for them, definitely recommended.
1731741	Tony	Lin	1
Took his class because it was the only one open and soon found out why. He is really arrogant and tells you how much he doesn't care what you think about him in the first class. Moves and speaks so fast it is IMPOSSIBLE to keep up. Worst Professor I have EVER had.
1766550	Andrea	Belz	1
She's very straightforward and clear about what she dislikes. Demanding but interesting. Her teaching is effective.
1789258	Brian	Sullivan	1
This was the first time this Small Business Entrepreneurship course was offered. Sullivan did a great job fabricating the syllabus and carrying out the class. Clear concise lectures (ppt format), low on the reading (but read when assigned), and a major group proj at end. Sullivan is a charismatic smart man - takes students' goals into mind
1789259	Pete	Cardon	1
Took him for Business writing 340. Cardon is a very knowledgable man when it comes to communication and comm strategy in the workplace. Course is structured to help you with communication in the workplace. Very clear assignments with set deadlines noted in syllabus since day one. Clear ppt lectures, and many class discussions. Class is entertaining
1796147	Sasha	Strauss	1
While Professor Strauss certainly shows a lot of experience in brand marketing, he is also a passionate endorser of his own brand. His lectures are a series of seminars full of self-gloating, rather than the fundamentals of branding as a whole. Can be off-putting and condescending. Should be a guest speaker rather than an adjunct professor.
1807443	Peer	Fiss	1
Very likable guy. Slight german accent. Good lecturer and keeps ppl involved. Teaches almost exclusively using cases.  Classes often are discussing the case and impacts.  Participation is graded. Midterm is individual case assignment with questions. One big group project toward the end on a company.
1852285	Daniel	Carvalho	1
This guy is the man, super thorough and doesn't give a final. Helpful and extremely knowledgable in the finance field. 
1863311	Lisa	Cavanaugh	1
Lisa is the best teacher I've had at USC. She's so enthusiastic and inspiring! Attendance isn't technically mandatory, but she does collect participation assignments almost every class. Huge group project. Exams are really detailed and go beyond lectures so doing the reading is recommended. Put the time in to this class and it'll be well worth it!
1890979	Philip	More	1
Avoid at ALL COSTS! Obscene amounts of work. I've never had this much work in my entire academic career for one class. He seems to be a good lecturer but he just assigns a ton of stuff and has his TAs grade it so he really just lectures, assigns, and then goes home blissfully unaware of how he's crushing his students. Please. Pick any other teacher
1897283	Marion	Philadelphia	1
BEST PROF EVER. strict at first but then you learn and get better and at the end of the class have vastly improved. if you put the effort in you get the A. simple as that here. She's friendly, nice, understanding, cool, and responds to emails quickly with a smiley face. couldn't recommend her any more
1936632	Robert	Bridges	1
He is the worst professor ever. This guy just doesn't really care about his students. You will regret to take his class.
1969787	Lori	Williams	1
Lori's assignments are extremely unclear and you have to try to figure out what she wants. You have to conduct stranger interviews similar to the Stranger Logs in BAEP 451 and there's always an assignment due. This class is more work than it's worth, especially with Lori as professor. She babbles on during class and you can't use your computer. 
1975946	Selale	Tuzel	1
Don't take this class unless you are really interested in the subject. Not an easy A, study and contribute to the group projects and you should be fine. 
1989415	Thomas	Olson	1
Amazing professor! He's one of the best at USC. His work experience is extensive, the textbook he wrote is very good, and he genuinely cares about his students.
1998320	Alexander 	Gorbenko	1
I recommend taking Professor Gorbenko. He does spend an unnecessary amount of time explaining the intuition of the concepts, but the tests are easy if you study the homework and practice problems. 
1433831	Richard	Brutchey	1
good
1923008	Barry	Thompson	1
Professor Barry Thompson is an amazing lecturer. His tests are challenging but fair. I learned a lot from him.
1539863	Rachel	Feldman	1
No indication given as to how we were evaluated, so most of our grades were kind of a shock. No graded papers or scripts returned. No instruction on how she wanted our work done. Terrible experience. VERY disappointing for first semester at USC film school -- avoid.
1604630	Frank	Chindamo	1
Chindamo is the MAN. He knows more about webisodes than anyone. He brought the best guests to class and we all actually made great web video series! Once you take this class you'll see why New Media is the future.
1609916	David	Balkan	1
He will change your world. The time and effort he puts into each student, both in and out of class, has made him one of the most respected men I have ever met. The way he teaches allows for you to see possibilities in your writing that you never even thought. The 30 years of experience and tenure of teaching really shows.
1630187	Michael	Toshiyuki-Uno	1
My objection to his teaching style is that he is demeaning in his criticism. Questions, comments or attempts to clarify were met with rudeness and sometimes insult. I wish I understood why he was so often impatient. Not someone who inspires or instills confidence in his students.
1674856	Miles	Watkins	1
Count your blessings if you were assigned Professor Miles for Production I -- the man is a gift. Genuinely cares about students, VERY helpful, and an amazing lecturer. My only complaint is that he doesn't teach any other graduate level courses. I would have fought tooth and nail to be in his class again.
1811330	Tom	Anderson	1
Great professor and great class. He really cares about what he teaches and flew out from his job in NorCal just to teach every week when I took it. He is very flexible and eager for you to make a good film over the semester, he helps get you resources even on outside projects. 100% recommend taking this class ASAP while he's teaching it
1817776	Scott	Gorden	1
Is very knowledgeable about screenwriting (he wrote for Saved By The Bell) and goes out of his way to help students improve their scripts. Great teacher!
1825217	Deborah	Baron	1
Most everyone left each class frustrated and upset. Her comments were overly harsh (at times personally abusive) and completely unhelpful. Gave the feedback to students, "I don't even know what the hell that means." She never gave any grades throughout the semester so we never knew our standing. You will regret taking a class from Deborah.
1839702	Dariush	Derakhshani	1
He really helped me out in understanding 3D animation and modeling.  I used several of his techniques that he taught me to great effect on an advanced game project, and will continue to use these techniques throughout my career
1856695	Julie	Juteau	1
She means well but I got the vibe that she didn't entirely know what she was doing. Nice lady, but you're not going to creatively get that much of the class.
1871222	Maureen	Yeager Mchugh	1
One of my favorite professors yet. She encourages all types of writing whether it be commercial to experimental. No matter what type of person you are she helps you become a better writer. Made me laugh constantly!
1875128	Scott	Stone	1
Scott is a great teacher who you can tell really cares about television. He brings in fantastic guest speakers and the only factors in your grade are a midterm (short essay questions) and a final paper. He's very interested in his students' career goals and if you go to his office hours he'll help you out with finding internships and job advice.
1890571	Barnet	Kellman	1
This was the single greatest teacher I have ever had. If there is one class that makes USC Film School worth it, it's this one. I can't believe that some people direct without having been taught by Barnet...it's absurd how much I've learned and how grateful I am for it. And it's an incredibly fun and fascinating hands-on experience.
1911468	Sharon	Doyle	1
Awesome, funny & relatable prof. Has a lot of real-world industry screenwriting experience under her belt and is very helpful. You're missing out on a great experience if you're one of the kids that doesn't care or try, so show her & the class respect and you will find it fun & rewarding
1927844	Jim	Staahl	1
I took Professor Staahl's Introduction to Screenwriting class as a minor requirement. Honestly, the lectures are pretty long, but Professor Staahl gives valuable feedback on the scripts. There is a lot of team dynamic involved, especially towards the end when everyone works on the final project (a 10-20 pages screenplay), in regards to feedback.  
1939371	Janet	Batchler	1
Overall a very fun class. Lectures are held once a week, and you watch a film every class and then go over it after. The screenings are awesome, and even if you do not know much about screenwriting, it really opens up thought about the movies we watch. It is a fun, 2 unit course that dives into screenwriting. Would recommend!
1969840	Trixy	Wattenbarger	1
This is a great class that really goes through all the animation techniques. Trixy is really helpful and gives good feedback.
1974822	Russ	Woody	1
Cannot sing this teacher's praises enough. Noticed he didn't have a review and wanted to changed that. This was the most valuable writing class that I have ever taken. He will tell you everything you need to know and he knows just about everything in this field. His lessons extrapolate far beyond the Television comedy framework and  benefit greatly
1975272	Krista	Parkinson	1
Krista teaches this course once a year, and this class has been my favorite that I have taken at USC. Krista teaches her students great practical skills for a career in the entertainment industry. She brings in interesting guest speakers on a weekly basis. If you have the opportunity to take this course -  I highly recommend it to everyone! 
1975278	Robert	Brown	1
Robert is a great teacher, and I really enjoyed this class. I learned a lot from him throughout the semester, and he has great stories to share about his time in the industry. This class teaches you the ins and outs of being a unit production manager and you learn about lining, scheduling, and budgeting films! I highly recommend this course.
744561	Lisl	Walsh	1
No Comments
664253	Thomas	Goodnight	1
No Comments
881080		Patnoe-Woodley	1
Paula is a wonderful teacher!  I loved going to class because of her love for teaching and great ability to engage her students.  While the class requires a lot of work and participation, everything is applicable to real life and will help you make great connections and earn the job of your dreams.
918320	Steve	Bucher	1
Good guy. Makes a tough class more enjoyable than expected. Learned a lot.
1085926	Amy	Granados	1
doing research with her is fun. very easy-going. she's a smart, busy girl.
1158276	Omri	Ceren	1
No Comments
1695611	Paul	Appleby	1
Dr Appleby is a very busy researcher,but he takes the time to explain concepts thoroughly.  This is a research lab, and I gained knowledge and experience in his social science lab.
1703148	Ryan	Gillespie	1
He is a great professor. Really interesting and makes you laugh! The material is a bit confusing and hard to understand but he teaches in a way that makes you want to learn it. You have 5 1 pages reading responses & two tests. Totally worth taking if you have him as a professor!
1835474	Young Ji	Kim	1
Take her class! I had no interest in statistics before, but she explained everything so well. If you pay attention to the class, you will easily get good score. There is one group research paper throughout the whole semester, and exams are not very difficult. Also, she's always willing to help her students.:)
1893417	Victoria	Arriola	1
I wasn't sure if I liked Victoria at first. But overtime, I realized not only is she extremely talented, super creative, she genuinely cares and gives great feedback on projects. While she can be quite critical and have high expectations, you will come out of her class with technical tools and knowledge about advertising to be successful.
1994350	Cynthia	Wang	1
She is a good teacher. She gets off-topic a lot, though. Just take it if you like public speaking. 
688569	Dongho	Kim	1
Makes you ask questions in class, and penalizes you for dumb questions. What th heck is going on&#63; Or is that a dumb question&#63;
803582	Maja	Mataric	1
She's very smart, has an contageous interested in robotics/AI, and is open to students. She will likely be very big in her field so I hope she continues to teach undergrads. Her class was hard but not too hard so I actually learned something.
1004509	Alexandre	Francois	1
I took Prof. Alex's software development class at Mudd. It was a disaster. Prof. Alex never really told us what he wanted, so people contributed very little to the project, assuming that the other 20 people in class would do something (yes, we were all on the same project-bad idea).He seemed disappointed,but still gave out lots of A's. Ridiculous.
1162609	Alexander	Egyed	1
Awesome.
1174263	Ram	Nevatia	1
he is not that great. don't take a course with him unless you have too. But i guess there are worse professors on Earth.
1184966	Mary	Hall	1
Prof. Hall is not a great teacher, but she is fair, accessible, and more than willing to explain something if you ask. The subject of CS 503 is interesting, but the lectures are boring and not very clear. I think this class will get a lot better after Prof. Hall has a few semesters to work on the lectures and improve her explanations.
1307920	Marcel	Valcarce	1
This class is really easy, and you won't get much from it unless you want to.  Marcel is a wealth of knowledge, and I would recommend talking to him as much as possible to know just a fraction of what he knows.
1356068	Aristides	Requicha	1
No Comments
1439340	Priya	Vashishta	1
Nice professor
1664776	Sofus	MacSkassy	1
Had him 2 years ago.  Awesome professor.  Favorite at SC so far.  His class was difficult but worth it.
1876686	Krishnamurthy	Narayanaswamy	1
Class started out ok. Then we got WAY too much into theoretical Knowledge representation (no projects), and skipped a bunch of other things that are covered in most college Ai courses. He is a very boring lecturer, but a nice guy. Overall would not recommend the class. Take the Udacity one instead.
1936705	Farnoush	Banaei-Kashani	1
I registered for the course in fall 2013. Good Prof, lectures are clear. He is so helpful, polite and supportive as well. Assignments are though and time consuming but you could learn out of them. Exams are not easy but if you study notes you won't have problem.  TAs are helpful and and organized.
1945039	Ankush	Prasad	1
Stays late even after his office hours till a student gets his questions cleared! His lab and office hours are cool!
1982618	William	Swartout	1
Classes are so blah,very difficult to sit through. 
1986517	Bill	Swartout	1
Two months since the class started and regretting already.
284724	David	Scheleztsky	1
He's hot, I mean he heats up food, for me. Cooks my bones and makes me all jittery, like I drank too much coffee. I stopped drinking coffee really, makes me baara;r;aaaaa. So they told me if you want an easy A, be a cul major, and cook yourself so french toast with a butter knife, that's how you'll make it through school boy, play football, eat french toast, lay off the coffee, pop a bone, for davie!! love ya davie! Give me all you got in your frying pan hun. I wanna eat your waffles, fo breakfast!
1977112	Jackie	Kopcsak	1
great intro class for foundation of dance! bearable amount of reading and assignments (all on very interesting dance-relevant topics). lectures took many forms, from watching videos to going outdoors for activities. amazing professor and definitely recommended!
1723126	Navazesh	Mahvash	1
Good labs. Chill class
1795805	Richard	Lemarchand	1
If he has anything bad to say about your project, he will say it in the most clean, nice, constructive, and meaningful way. His lectures are very thought provoking. He is a genuinely nice guy that encourages you to follow your work. He's the type of professor you can easily keep in touch with because he's always excited. Google him for a surprise.
1838697	Stadler	Kevin	1
I would never recommend this professor to anyone. Horrible at teaching and helping. The class was so boring and useless. The class isn't hard but attendance is mandatory. He is seriously the worst professor I've ever met.
1967010	Lance	Winkel	1
He was an okay teacher; however, he spent most of his time talking about other stuff than actually teaching you, so be sure to use his office hours because he WILL help you. Although he may also be equally as verbose when you do talk to him...  Projects are due every week, so just be on top of it. 
1792731	Masako	Tamanaha	1
Tamanaha sensei is very nice and her class is quite easy. Her classes and assignments are straightforward, and as long as you do the work you will end up with very high marks. Class is mandatory, though, and she is a stickler for punctuality. Other than that, the class itself is easy and she is very, very nice!
1805890	Anri	Yasuda	1
The only reason I enjoy Mondays is because I have this class to look forward to at the end of the day. Professor Yasuda is really conscientious when creating assignments, and always gives us a reasonable amount to read. She's also careful to assign compelling works, and is very thoughtful in responding to our interpretations.
1810585	Yi-Hsien	Liu	1
Great professor! Great class if you want to learn the beginning chinese.  In this class, we only learn speaking and listening. Writing is not required. Super easy homework, just record your voice! Super helpful. Pass for sure.  Grading is easy. I believe no one fail (This is a credit no credit class). Must take if you have 2 units free. No textbk!
946048	Martin	Hunt	1
No Comments
1236327	Sarbajit	Sengupta	1
By the end of the semester, very few people showed up to class (from 50 to about 10-12). The reason&#63; His lecture is completely based off of the textbook (which is summarized on the PowerPoints he posts up on Blackboard). He's a nice guy and all, but he pretty much mouths what's in the book. The midterms/final are somewhat tough, but they're fair.
1285496	Kristin	Kleinjans	1
Great Prof.  Uses many Star Trek references.  Well dressed.
1388179	Ali	Shahnawaz	1

1691245	Myat	Mon	1
She is very nice and helpful and extremely smart.  However, the material is quite difficult and she blows through material so quickly that you can't even think of a question by the time she asks. Exams have very low averages, but there is a generous curve. Go to office hours and start My Econ Lab early!
1743513	John	Romley	1
Class lecture material were irrelevant to the exam and group project, poorly preparing students.  This made the exams much more difficult and frustrating for students.  Nice guy but do not recommend him as a professor.
1785714	Richard	Easterlin	1
Easterlin's econ of happiness is the BEST econ elective to take. So straightforward its amazing. You have to do the blackboard HWs everyday and know the basic points of the reading for the exams, but everything is really self explanatory. Combines psych view and econ view when analyzing happiness. Interesting and awesome! He is old and hilarious!
1808931	Cheng	Hsiao	1
This class literally drove me insane.  i can't understand a single word he says, he never explains what is going to be on the exams, and the assignments are ridiculously hard and there's no way to get help on them.  Avoid this class at all costs.
1834173	Douglas	Joines	1
Easy A
1836878	Craig	Hsaio	1
Literally impossible to understand, due to both competence and english.  It's so frustrating. You WILL have to learn econometrics on your own.
447137		Colbert	1
Awesome teacher, one of the best in the school of ed!
816399	Sunhee	Choi	1
At first seemed a bit condescending, and accent makes her hard to understand, but by the end of the term, I thought she was great. Very nice. Tries to be helpful, but doesn't always know the answer.
867053	Robert	Keim	1
He is very helpful and explains stats in a way that is easy to understand.  Take him!  You won't regret it!
871643	Barbara	Fuller	1
THis woman drove me nuts.  She hands out papers not knowing what they are.  She used a sylabus from someone else's course!  And she didn't even read it through!
961479	Ruth	Ahn	1
No Comments
1123539	Kathy	Stowe	1
Stowe taught from the book. Just a facilitator and of course she had her favorite students.
1529916	Hiroshi	Sasaki	1
Wonderful professor. Made me interested in ETHICS which is not an easy task. Students can really feel how passionate he is about the course and for me, this sparked my interest and carried me throughout the semester. Not the &quot;easiest&quot; class but very fulfilling and worthwhile.
1545705	Holoua	Stender	1
Exceptional Communication.
1549593	Gregory	Bowman	1
Retired Superintendant. Extreme rigidity, and belief in scarcity of power. My-way-or-the-hwy kind of guy.
1549920	Serena	Gould	1
AWESOME!  Professional development guru.  Gains in presentation and writing style were enormous.  True grad level prof!
1551806	Patricia	Dickenson	1
Very nice, personable, and understanding. Strict, fair and relevant. She spent quality time prepping her lectures and her assignments were meaningful and insightful. RECOMMENDED TO ALL !!!
1599590	Irene	Villanueva	1
Professor was in over her head teaching a curriculum she was not familiar with. But rather than being honest and working constructively with students, she asserted her authority in a very teacher-centered approach. In the end, her charade veered off course. She could not explain properly, her assesments were arbitrary and contradictory. Grade=F
1644522	Paige	McCord	1
She is a sweet caring teacher. One of the best in the MAT program. The course is confusing on the LMS and can be a lot of work at times, but she made it do-able. She takes time outside of class to help you understand lessons. Take her!
1674919	Jane	Lambert	1
The worst instructor I have ever had in my academic career. She seemed polite in class, but graded very unfairly and did not offer any positive, useful feedback. She would insult her students' intelligence and one quickly learned as a student to just keep your head down, and do not talk in class. Just plain awful!
1699294	Lynne	Golfarb	1
Great teacher
1821576	Uju	Anya	1
The worst teacher you can ever have. She needs to go to a psychiatrist. I am sure she has psychological problems. she was oppressed when she was a child so she tries to act tough.
1858717	Susanne	Foulk	1
With 2 essays a& 1 group project & weekly forums, it becomes a handful. But she is always there to help you whenever needed. If you work hard and keep up with the assignments you can get an A. But it is not an easy A it requires a lot of work. But she is there every step of the way for whatever you need. Take Dr. Foulk You won't regret it.
1882810	Anthony	Maddox	1
Dr.Maddox taught this class with an inquiry based learning style. It was initially very hard to understand what he was saying, since he wasn't very explicit and the words he used when he would talk, were very difficult to understand. I need a dictionary Dr.Maddox. Towards the end of the term I grew to appreciate him. Not my comfort zone, but easy.
1901518	Karen	Glasgow	1
Stay away! By far one of the worst prof. I have ever had! Very unclear, has many places for you to submit work and if submitted incorrectly, you fail that work. So many ppl dropped her class and if your opinion is diff from hers, she criticizes you and makes you not want to participate in class but you have to for your grade. Grades very hard!
132170	Joseph	Devinny	1
Very nice and helpful
633598	Randolph	Hall	1
The greatest human being I had the pleasure to interact with. I really thank him for helping me during tough times.
662423	H.L.	Wang	1
No Comments
689014	John	Winkler	1
A part time prof, he works at Swift Engineering (race car design).  Interesting class & good presentation.
739320	Justin	Verduyn	1
No Comments
830899	James	Wertz	1
Prof Wetz is so fun and I really enjoyed his class. They were interesting, and participation was encouraged and made the lecture even better. (Participation doesn't usually happen in many of the upper level engineering classes I've been in). He's so knowlegable, and his passion for the subject is very contagious!
912786	Michael	Safonov	1
Dr. Safonov is a brilliant instructor. However, it is obvious that to do well in class, one only has to make sure one knows how to solve the sample exams. The txtbook is useless, so are the homeworks. There needs to be more weight on the hws (rather than the current 10%), for them to be taken seriously.
1013959	Tait	Pottebaum	1
No Comments
1036334	Peter	Beerel	1
Animated and Excellent Professor
1393460	John	Silvester	1

1400208	Jerry	Mendel	1
Excellent teacher for entry-level prob/stat. Very methodical in his derivations and examples, so the only way to not understand them is to not be awake. (Even then, his handouts are similarly thorough). Often ends class early, and starts each class with an interesting application of prob/stat which you won't be tested on. Homework is short.
1432499	Olga	Solomon	1
I took a new course offered at USC called Innovative Technology for Individuals with Autism. This course is funded by Autism Speaks and is a joint collaboration between Engineering and Occupational Therapy staff and students. Dr. Solomon's expertise in the field of autism & technology is world-renowned and her passion for this subject is inspiring!
1483232	Anthony	Pancotti	1
One of the best teachers I've ever had.  Passionate about the subject, and extremely personable. If you've got a question, he's got the answer. If you take his class, you'll come to understand he's a total G.
1499598	Yan	Jin	1
Nice professor
1510215	Rakhshani	Raymond	1
Not happy with this professor. He doesn't teach you anything, and totally does not give any inclination of what we need to learn altogether or for exams. I pretty much self-taught the entire semester. He acts as if we should know everything, but we don't learn anything from him, and he does not like when people ask a lot of questions
1528590	Quiang	Huang	1
Teaches well although he speaks slowly but is very audible.  His tests are not difficult, but require you to pay attention to the finer details.  He is very helpful and I would take him again.
1528593	Ali	Nowroozi	1
Great teacher and taught the class well.  Pay attention in class and participate in the questions.  Open forum and was very helpful.  The exams were not easy even though they were open book exams.
1545553	Mohammed	Beshir	1
Very knowledgeable, his voice is very low, lazy, his lectures are not very interesting and his exams are easy and straight forward. I recommend him. 
1547231	Yong	Chen	1
Great professor. Very organized and clear lectures. He was eager to provide help and share his experience in course projects.
1559791	Alejandro	Toriello	1
Really understands and communicates the material well.  Good teacher to get a strong foundation in the topic.  Tests and homework were fair.
1608695	Jared	Fortune	1
This professor is a nerd who loves his subject.  You will do good in class if you dive into it and show genuine interest.  Jared is nice, and very helpful.  Get started early on the final Research Paper.  I took the class online, and he was very responsive and helpful through the email system.  Grading is kinda tough, but he will correct mistakes.
1663659	Siari	Sosa	1
Came to class late every day. Lectures were pointless but you have to attend because it is a clicker class. She never prepared for lecture and her powerpoints were taken straight out of a textbook that used inconsistent formulas and so forth. Avoid if possible.
1724442	Sanjit	Mitra	1
Clearly a bright guy, but difficult to follow his lectures.  He doesn't elaborate on the topics; he just presents some proofs and basically gives you a condensed version of the textbook -- which he also wrote.  We covered all of the topics of the classic Oppenheim & Schafer textbook  *before* *the* *first* *midterm*.  I didn't care for his class.
1741038	David	Kang	1
One of the most useful classes in the engineering departments. There are a lot of guest lectures that help make the material easy to understand. Homework is really easy. No midterms, just take home quizzes and a final project. Great Professor!
1741359	Antonio	Ortega	1
One of the coolest professors in EE department. He made sure the students are on track with their projects with his weekly group meetings and his suggestions and advises helped a lot in getting the project done.
1744486	Koping	Shung	1
BME 535 Ultrasound Imaging was a smooth course. Students may argue, its not worth taking, but I learn a lot of new things. Take home exams and simple home assignments made me score pretty well.
1814036	April	Tai	1
Terrible professor. All of her power points come straight from the book, and she reads off the screen. She does not work out any examples in class, and goes too fast for you to even take notes. Gave an open book open note test with questions copied out of the book and then accused 1/3 of class of cheating.
1818246	Mike	Chen	1
Good researcher, horrible teacher
1832784	Rahul	Jain	1
Difficult course.
1837447	Marilee	Wheaton	1
As an adjunct associate professor from the prestigious Aerospace Corporation, Professor Wheaton is very knowledgeable and respected in the Systems Engineering community. However, she seems to take teaching for granted. Assignments are not clear. Requirements are ambiguous. Grading is subjective. Not in-lined with the TA. Missed 3 lectures.
1838953	Alan	Willner	1
Extremely motivated and captivating professor. Teaches not only the mandatory syllabus, but also important lessons for life. Exams are long but well formulated, with questions that require logical thinking.
1849563	Shinyi	WU	1
She sometimes didn't know what she was talking about when she lectured. Often the students needed to explain to her what she was trying to talk about. There was a definite language barrier.
1856824	Jeff	Draper	1
Very clear in presentations. Since it was a design class, he ended up presenting quite a bit of his groups designs.
1873396	Henry	Abakians	1
This course (Radiative Heat Transfer) was very intense - covered non-participating and participating media in one tight semester. It was hard in both the physics and the math involved. Dr Abakians was a bit sketchy in teaching, but you can definitely gain a better idea through office hours and emails. Hard core engineering course.
1920744	David	D'Argenio	1
He talks clearly and thoroughly explains the material. He uses PowerPoints during his lectures and usually uploads the slides to Blackboard a couple days before so you can review if you want. Exams are great because he lets you bring in your own formula sheet, and so the exams aren't super difficult.
1926615	Hossein	Hashemi	1
Good lectures
1958544	Yanzhi	Wang	1
Great professor!
878968	Peter	Nickowitz	1
No Comments
886312	Martin	Remey	1
He is the best professor ever!!!!!!
1051886	Siel	Ju	1
No Comments
1361752	Leslie	Bruce	1

1677856	David	Eggenschwiler	1
FANTASTIC CLASS from prof of the year.
1680979	Ryan	Leone	1
Seems a bit scatter-brained at times, a bit disheveled, but his passion for poetry is infectious. Almost like a religious fanatic, but for art, I guess that's good to see in teachers. Always lending students books. Would take another class with him.
1682798	Marie	Smart	1
Marie cares so much about her students, and she really goes the extra mile to help them learn. She treats the students like they are adults, and she takes their opinions seriously. Marie knows what she's talking about and works hard to convey this knowledge. Overall, a phenomenal instructor.
1700702	Amrit	Sapkota	1
This is one of the best websites for the professor.
1785476	Trinie	Dalton	1
Approaches her workshops in a relaxed, non-judgmental, but constructively critical way.  You will grow as a writer.  Unexcused absences will lower your grade, but she is not a harsh grader.  Creates a safe environment for writers to experiment with style and subject matter.  She adds a great class trip to Doheny Library's Special Collection Dpt.
1871225	Dana	Johnson	1
Loved the books I read in this class! She really opened my mind and allowed freedom of discussion. Was like a book club. Excellent professor.
1882787	Elda	RomÃ£n	1
This was her first semester teaching at USC. She is such a sweet professor but the reading is extremely lengthy and dull; her points and ideas did not make sense to me. I wish I took the class with the other professor that was teaching it. We read a lot of random stories in an anthology instead of classics such as The Great Gatsby.
1904059	Molly	Pulda	1
Without a doubt the best professor I've had at USC. She inspires her students and gets everyone to participate without feeling pressured, bc of her inviting (and rather hilarious) nature. I got more out of her class than any other - not only from her but also from all the other students, as her class was so involved, interactive, and genuinely fun.
1938804	Penelope	Geng	1
Prof Geng is one of those teachers who genuinely wants her students to learn and pass. She's really enthusiastic about her subject and is totally open to you coming and asking for help, really not judgmental about asking stupid questions. Do the reading she assigns, because she always gives you homework on it after. V fair marker, and a good class.
1950247	Kerry	Ingram	1
the worst class I've ever taken, because of the professor.  The info and literature is fascinating; but, ingram gives the most sporadic lectures, saying literally nothing of importance.  He grills you and sets out to embarrass his students.  He gives quizzes, so going to class is necessary but his lectures are worthless. grading is ridiculous.
1054933	Sachiko	Kawai	1
This course is extremely difficult! Not for freshman at all. Ms Sachiko is really hot, and her accent is SUPER  sexy. Useful tip: Please book the study rooms in Leavey Library the whole night before the discussion session. Good luck!
339282	Jefferey	Obrow	1
Mr. Obrow has great experience and insight in to the film industry, and is invaluable for making contacts.
560264	Norman	Hollyn	1
Guest lecturer on Editing was the 2nd best lecture I have heard in my life at any school - the first best was by Don Hall also of USC in the Sound Dept
747910	Priya	Jaikumar	1
No Comments
850136	Broderick	Fox	1
he's quite knowledgeable but can be totally boring. I fell asleep in EVERY SINGLE CLASS. It was really hard to stay awake in his class. Films we screened were messed up. We watched woman giving birth, screwed up family where the dad sexually abused his kids, and avant garde films that did not make any sense at all.
893554	Aurorae	Khoo	1
No Comments
1079107	Alan	Berger	1
awesome, amazing class. He is a success story, a CAA agent, reps Ryan Seacrest & Katie Couric. Love him!
1192180	Rachel	Johnson	1
She is a total stress case who was actually glad that people dropped her class. More a puppet-making class than a stop-motion class. You will spend over $200 on a puppet and make several trips to Studio City to buy**** for your puppet when we could be using the time to make multiple stop motion films instead of one. DON'T TAKE HER.
1290161	Anne	Thompson	1
It's a pretty tough class. Lots of reading and an essay due every week that you have to read aloud. There was a cart load of reading every week too. There were 3 midterms and 3 finals. It was pretty ridiculous. The movies screened were good ones, but it isn't really a class that prepares you for anything unless you want to be a critic.
1307696	Ioana	Uricaru	1
TA for CTCS 191.  She doesn't watch TV.  On exams, she grades easy, but since she is the TA for a TV class and doesn't watch TV, she grades papers really hard unless you put detailed descriptions of characters, plot, etc so she understands.  Very nice and clear one on one, but boring in group discussion.  Made TV harder than it should have been.
1351345	Sandra	Berg	1
This is the first time that a screenwriting class was genuinely helpful. She's direct and critical, but in a good way. Really helps to start conversations about your script and gives great pointers about the 3-act structure.
1437552	Elizabeth	Gill-Brauer	1
Elizabeth is a great teacher for this intro screenwriting class! She knows her stuff and is very helpful with giving feedback. She is good at getting to know who you are and your style! Take her!
908895	Micah	Officer	1
No Comments
1725951	Elias	Albagli	1
The class was highly quantitative and his explanations are in-depth, covering all angles of topics. He rarely teaches undergrad. He has optional homework, but they are GREAT exercises for understanding the material. He is a friendly and EXTREMELY smart guy. If he taught any other classes, I would definitely take them. Overall, awesome professor.
1791664	Rama	Malladi	1
Covered Alternative Investments and covered all the LOS and plenty of examples. Solved several problems step-by-step and gave us a roadmap to solve the rest. Up to the point and no nonsense.
1958926	Steve	Moyer	1
Steve Moyer is the most accomplished professor at USC. From his work in distressed debt to investment management, he has highly relevant experience. The guy just "gets it." He will push you outside of your comfort zone every assignment. If you want to do IBPE, he'll help... a lot. If you don't want to work hard for an A, look elsewhere. 
708893	H.	Asano	1
totally amazing professor. if she likes you enough she'll adopt you. her classes are calm and relaxed--you can listen to music while you work. you do have to produce work though. if you don't, your grade will show it. but it's an easy A. a definite USC experience. take her class!
739313	Chris	Chinn	1
No Comments
739322	Holly	Willis	1
Holly Willis is a very interesting professor. At the beginning of the semester, I thought her approach was really weird since we did some strange activities like walking around and looking into each other eyes in her class, but I learned so much theory in her class due to the activities that we did. A great class for those considering Media Arts. 
1092618	Barbara	McCarren	1
Straight u0, smart, challenging.  Too many dumbos in class. Too bad for her, us. Anthing goes, as long as it goes good.
1361622	Jud	Fine	1
He's really nice and approachable but goes off on tangents all the time. You can leave early if you finish early. Projects are fun and simple. You'll get an A if you follow the syllabus and talk during critique.
1709910	Peter	Holzhauer	1
Good teacher. Helps with the progression of your work and really pushes you to work hard on your photos. He doesn't really give you any work back graded till the end and won't say how you're doing in the class which is a bummer. Overall a fun class and he's pretty snarky sometimes, he's a bruin alumni but works at usc which I thought was funny.
1961958	Brian	Hsu	1
This was probably the worst teacher I ever had at USC. I completely lost my passion for French. He is NOT well suited for French 2 and unless you have taken french in the past and have an extensive background. He cannot teach, he can only help those who already know French. Office Hours he will tell you that he can't help you. GET  ANOTHER TEACHER
1441637	Thomas	Jordan	1
Anything that I did not understand from what was said in lecture or that I had read from the textbook, I asked him during office hours. He is very helpful and approachable. One of my favorite professors! To succeed in GEO 150, you must work hard, but I ended up  loving the material. =)
1591129	Meghan	Miller	1
Those who come from a non-science/math/engi background might have to put in some effort to understand the labs and all of the equations she loves to spit out. She loves to talk about destruction (pretty amusing) but other than that, lectures aren't very interesting. Prof Sammis only stepped in a couple times but he was much more engaging.
1870697	Christian	Pike	1
Pike taught this class with John Walsh for Fall 2013. His lectures are easy to understand, and all follow a set outline (which makes sense when you take the class) so studying and connecting concepts is easy. Midterms are difficult, due to amount of material, but curved. Term paper helps boost grade so don't slack off on that.
642837	Gregory Michael	Roybal	1
No Comments
855972	Susan	Ames	1
She's very nice and helpful; the class isn't hard and the information is interesting.
924712	Andy	Johnson	1
He changed my life.
1448152	Carol	Koprowski	1
Professor Koprowski is really nice! We only had class once and week, and it is powerpoint-based. The homework assignments are really easy too
1888908	Victoria	Cortessis	1
Amazing professor! Learned so much from her. She is truly passionate about this field. Such a sweet lady and genuinely cares about her students. She will go out of her way to make sure everyone understands the material. The homework she assigns is not bad at all and there are no midterms or papers, just quizzes based on the lecture. A+ professor!
724348	Tom	Cantwell	1
I had classes with Tom but he appears to be somewhere else.  Tom was quite good, he was a lively instructor and he was very up to date on gay issues, unlike some professors.  Tom knew a great deal about history and made it interesting.
1712177	Keith	Woodhouse	1
Professor Woodhouse is one of the best professors I've had at SC. He lets you know what he expects from the midterm, final, and other essays before hand so no need to freak out. Lectures were hardly ever boring, and he really likes to help students. He loves to talk about democracy. I would definitely recommend his class. Readings are interesting.
1720581	Ben	Uchiyama	1
Great, interesting person. Fair grader and wants you to do well. He does have expectations though, so be prepared to write a good weekly response and a good exam. Well articulated and helps you frame arguments well if you catch the nuances of what he says in class
1514808	Lata	Murti	1
Professor Murti is truly an excellent teacher. Her powerpoints make sense, she shows a lot of movies, and engages with the reading. Midterm and final were papers, and there were only 3 other short response papers. Great class, great teacher-- easy grader!
1808519	Patrick	James	1
Excellent professor. Friendly, great sense of humor and great sense of students' prior knowledge of the subject matter (or lack thereof) and how to approach research. very straightforward expectations - 1 midterm, 1 final, 1 research paper
1821822	Nick	Weller	1
The easiest IR professor I've ever had. Exams are short answer and id's (final didn't have even id's). I never bought the books. he doesn't base exams/quizzes on specifics in book but on lecture materials. I got almost 100% on midterm and final, did average on everything else and walked out with an A.
1872303	Joshua	Aizenman	1
Great professor. Really helpful and can explain anything you do not understnad in basic terms. I highly reccomend for IR 329 classes.
1874753	Yael	Wolinsky-Nahmias	1
Must take notes in class, but otherwise midterms are straightforward as long as you have good notes. A final project instead of a final exam. Definitely worth taking
917813	Carolyn	James	1
No Comments
1062529	Xiaowen 'Sylvia'	Zhang	1
It is not the same thing as being knowledgeable and being a good teacher. The material is very dry already and she just makes it harder by not speaking clear English. She is a very silent speaker so its hard not to fall asleep in class. Think twice before you take her class. Be sure that you are very interested in the subject.
1421683	K.C.	Cole	1
Very enthusiastic teacher! She shares personal experience, love of writing and encourages her student's ideas. One of the best teachers in Annenberg! Great stories are explored in the class, and friendships will be forged in the room too. She shows you how to craft your own niche, not just become a soul-less gun for hire.
1421699	Serena	Cha	1
She lives up to her first name. Very nice, very positive, very knowledgeable. The stresses of the production class were great, but she helped her students keep their calm, and get the job done.
1438696	Celis	William	1
Very fair and helpful.  Willing to work with you on extensions and deadlines.  Will build reporting days into your schedule so you can get your articles done.  Very nice guy.  Take his class!
1584620	Steve	Proffitt	1
good guy. good knowledge.
1654418	David	Daniel	1
At first you'll be frustrated because you don't see an improvement in your grade. But if you pay attention to his comments, ask questions, and practice your writing you will LEARN A LOT! I never went to office hours, but heard he was extremely helpful!
1709400	Sasha	Anawalt	1
Amazing teacher. Cares about students and is very engaging and extremely knowledgeable
1792949	Graham	Robertson	1
Helpful, patient and kind!
1844092	Daniel	Taub	1
Professor Taub is really nice and very experienced in the field, but he never teaches you how to write, and grades harshly on how he thinks stories should be written. He assigns work back to back and often expects you to go off campus for assignments, or to reach out to people off campus. Expects investigative reporting for many assignments.
1883663	John	Smith	1
John has lots of experience in the field and he teaches a very practical class. He is very knowledgeable about the reality of television news. This class is essentially the same as the previous 303 class. Didn't really feel like I learned anything new. Grading seemed to be arbitrary at times, but it was not particularly difficult to do well.
1884893	Alicia	Chang	1
Don't do it. It will ruin your GPA, passion for journalism, and confidence.
1900227	J.A.	Adande	1
Obviously, Adande is pretty famous in the sports media industry. Provides great insight on how to improve writing and communication skills. Classes meet weekly and you're expected to turn in weekly sports columns, which can get pretty tiresome if writing is not your thing. Quizzes and midterms are usually not too hard though if you follow sports
1925701	Miki	Turner	1
Professor Turner will not give you any feedback on your assignments, nor will she ever give you an actual grade. We haven't learned anything about actually using our camera, we just go out and shoot all the time with no direction. I wouldn't recommend this class, except that it's barely any work. 
1965423	Laura	Schute	1
Her classes are pretty bland. The final project is a ton of work and worth a huge portion of your grade. The assignments are relatively easy. Quizzes are pretty easy too. Make sure you prepare because her grading is pretty cut and dry--it's all done by a TA who is given specific criteria. Overall she is a good professor and has great outside info.
1973402	Gabrielle	Banks	1
Gaby is a cool professor. That being said, there's no shortage of work. There was a lot of hands on reporting that most other sections didn't have to do, but the assignments weren't too awful and lectures were pretty fun. NOTE: Don't buy the book. Mine literally never even left its packaging.
1973406	Mike	Ananny	1
Easy assignments and a really cool guy. Midterm and final are open bookopen note and all the "pop" quizzes" were announced beforehand. On the first day I thought I was gonna fail, but I ended up getting a really easy A.
1973408	Elizabeth	McHale	1
Prof. McHale knew what she was talking about, but three-hour lectures with her were insufferable. Really tough grader, daily news quizzes and so many assignments. I heard other sections didn't get half the work our class had. You'll learn a lot with McHale, but I'd find another Prof. if you can. And don't buy the book -- completely unnecessary.
1982440	Ben	Poston	1
Very nice, knowledgable, laid back in demeanor, but sticks to his guns with assignments and grades. Won't let anyone fall behind and will always stay after to help you. Really nice guy and, if this is your thing, very handsome.
1470830	Kathleen	Sand	1
She is really nice and fun. It is a morning class so she tries to make it enjoyable. She is always open to office hours. One of my favorite professors here. She understands many problems with what you have. I hope she reads this and see how nice of a person she really is!
761329	Marcela	Dominguez	1
Terrible course and experience.  Teaches entirely in Spanish, making instructions difficult to understand.  Also requires that questions be asked in Spanish, making attempts for her to clarify more trouble than they're worth.  Pop quizzes and daily homework assignments make this feel like high school all over again.  Do yourself a favor and avoid.
927075	James	Rowlins	1
No Comments
993951	Claudia	Soria	1
Claudia (she refused to let us call her by her last name) is so great. She really really is. I wish I could have taken her for Spanish 3, but, word gets out fast and her classes fill quickly. This is THE teacher to take Spanish with at USC. Helpful, funny, patient with those of us that just don't get it, great all around.
1009920	Monica	Cure	1
Tough but the only Spanish teacher ive ever had where I actually walked out of class every day feeling like i learned something
1118507	Patricia	Nuriel	1
No Comments
1147857	Laurence	Clerfeuille	1
Very, very passionate about the subject matter. Made my first semester of college-level French fun and productive--I'll definitely take French IV next semester. A fair grader, always willing to help, and flexible if you are having trouble balancing your schedule. Be sure to keep up with your assignments and give good effort--!
654874	Wendy	Gaitan	1
No Comments
801595	Jennifer	Urban	1
Very well presented lectures.. actually makes it interesting! And she's so pretty - I love watching her teach!
945786	Monica	Bachner	1
In a class of only 5 people, they gave VERY unfair grades
1242946	Matthew	Spitzer	1
No Comments
1604375	Stephen	Rich	1
Prof. Rich is the man.  He is straightforward and clear with presenting class material and is extremely willing to help in any way he can.  He offered to stay until no one had any more questions on our last day of class, &quot;even if I'm here until midnight.&quot;  He's smart, good at communicating, and he cares about his students.
1604392	Dan	Klerman	1
Prof. Klerman is very smart/academic and plays Devil's Advocate with students almost to a fault.  Student reactions are 50-50: they either like the way he contests everything that is said or they hate it. I thought it made for an interesting and engaging classroom environment.  Have a sense of humor and roll with the punches: you'll enjoy the class
1604406	Sherilyn	Garnett	1
Prof. Garnett is straightforward, clear, and professional.  She is very likable and interested in seeing her students prosper.  She is a good woman who students can talk to if they are having issues.
1604412	Jody	Armour	1
Prof. Armour is very funny/likable.  However, his approach to the material is fairly scatter-brained and he seems to focus on what he is interested in rather than what is most important for students to gain a complete understanding of the material.
1604419	Rebecca	Brown	1
Prof. Brown made conlaw very interesting.  She is extremely kind, easy on those who have not done the reading (too nice to scold or mark-down), and does a good job of letting students discuss the material rather than straight lecturing.  She is very experienced in her field-conlaw-and can convey ideas gracefully.
1604436	Gregory	Keating	1
Prof. Keating is nice and teaches in a straightforward way.  His anecdotes are useful and do not stray too far from class material.  He frequently uses videos in class, which is awesome.  Overall, very good professor.  You'll learn a lot from him in a painless way.
1604439	Heidi	Rummel	1
Prof. Rummel was teaching her first class of criminal law when I had her-and it showed.  She was disorganized, even misstated the law several times.  Students were correcting her in class and she would have to &quot;go check.&quot; She seemed preoccupied by other concerns and was never very clear.  I GUESS she's nice though, if that counts for anything.
1604830	John	Heilman	1
Prof. Heilman is just plain awesome.  He is extremely organized in his presentation of class material, explains things very clearly and is a funny guy on top of all that.  He understands the material inside and out and simply attending class will make you learn it all too.  He also is not too hard on you if you haven't done the reading (nice).
1605101	Mike	Brennan	1
Prof. Brennan does a great job of explaining the trial prep process. He smiles when he speaks and offers information quite relevant to the trial process.  He is happy to answer questions and seems invested in his students.  Good professor.
1851545	Richard	Mosk	1
Law & Morality Freshmen Seminar: Justice Mosk is an amazing professor who cares a lot about his students and challenges everyone to think. There were no exams, projects or papers, but he expected everyone to show up & read from the course reader (a collection of course cases). His class gave me a different perspective on law, government, and life.
1882310	Helen	Choi	1
Really effective professor. Class is demanding time-wise but Professor Choi makes it enjoyable. She is always happy to discuss assignments in office hours or over email. Overall a really great professor. USC is lucky to have her. 
1893059	Nomi	Stolzenberg	1
She is a fabulous teacher for a fabulous class. This undergrad class is for anyone who wants to be a lawyer. You get a real taste of what its like! Absolutely lover her. This class requires constant reading and only has 3 assignments other than the final and midterm. Keep up with everything and youll do great. Take her!
1703996	Peyman	Nojoumian	1
Great Professor! He is very knowledgable about Farsi and goes above and beyond. Learning a language takes time and if you keep up with the small homeworks and go to class, you will see results. It's a very enjoyable class and he teaches effectively  and keeps the class interesting. Definitely worth taking!
1788305	Heeju	Hwang	1
Korean is her first language. She is inexperienced at teaching and sometimes has difficulty explaining complicated concepts. Her exams (only 2) are tricky and unclear. She often doesn't tell you what she wants on hw. Pressure her to curve and she will give in. Doesn't use a textbook which makes studying very challenging.
1802181	Santosh	Tandon	1
Hindi teacher at USC. Very kind and will work with the class to cater to their needs. Attendance, participation, and caring about the class are mandatory as she will take it personally if you don't, but this is good because it's not hard at all and with a little effort you can do really well.
1907284	Karen	Jesney	1
Homework weighs heavily on your grade. But she is always willing to answer any questions and help out to make sure you understand the material and do well in the class.
1353211	Karen	Pinkus	1

437389	Michael	Kodama	1

1528927	Paul	Adler	1
The best prof I have had at USC so far. So nice and helpful, has a genuine interest in seeing students succeed. Not easy, but incredibly rewarding.
961496	Allen	Weiss	1
Unclear on assignment details.  Grading subjective and inconsistent based on students comparing graded papers.
1486095	Kristin	Diehl	1
Coming to class is not mandatory, but if you miss lecture, it is hard to understand the  chapter with only her slides. 
1880630	Dennis	Rook	1
MKT-525, Consumer Behavior, as well as New Prod. Dev. (MKT-530) are excellent. Rook is a hilarious guy, which makes class more interesting and effective. It's very qualitative, so if you don't like ambiguity and prefer hard numbers, it may be more difficult, but very valuable. The material is applicable to many fields outside of marketing.
1894575	Kyu	Kim	1
No txtbks- the only pro of this course. Prof Kim has a STRONG accent. It's near impossible to understand him. On top of that, he's unclear, and since there's no textbook, it's really hard to teach yourself. Group project (40% of grade) is the only thing that will save you. Stay away though.
785655	Coskun	Cetin	1
He is helpful, but seems to rush through lectures. A very difficult class and is hard to keep up with. He is very intelligent, but should be teaching advanced thermodynamics, not calculus.
891836	Qingshuo	Song	1
No Comments
1057644	Zack	Mesyan	1
His tests are NOTHING like the homework or quizzes, and he has no interest on how you are doing in his class.  He doesn't care if you do well or fail, and is not flexible with office hours.  His class notes may seem simple and clear, but then the test is ten times more difficult with problems we have never seen or practiced before....not ok
1435900	Helen	Rain	1
Always easy to spot her because of prominent head. Smoking hot and super cute. Doesn't speak comprehensible English. Definitely would take a class from her again.
1436130	Hong Yin	Lin	1
Tests were fair, and professor was clear. He went over a lot of examples during lecture. Discussion quizzes were easy as well, as long as you stayed on top of homework assignments (which were not mandatory). I recommend really just doing the homework and understanding it. It is the best way to study for the midterms and finals.
1709669	Andrew	Williams	1
Without him, Math-118 would be hell. He certainly is the best TA ever.
1783521	Sol	Golomb	1
Great guy, not very exciting. He is an incredible person but has hearing loss and a monotone voice. The class about puzzles is way less interesting than you would think. He often goes back to the same topics and gets on tangents talking about random people rather than playing games and doing puzzles. I would not recommend the class
1936376	Guillermo	Souto	1
His expression is not good with spanish accents. Assignments are not heavy and quizzes prove easy. One thing worth noticing is that he claims to reply all emails ASAP, but it took him over a week to answer my question.
711601	Topete	Ricardo	1
No Comments
1104677	Thomas	Keens	1
No Comments
1925365	Alejandro 	Sanchez	1
While he is passionate about global health, there are several inconsistencies in what he expects from students... there are numerous occasions where something  is said to not be on the test at all, and ends up making up a large portion of it. Regardless of what he says, he expects very specific details and statistics for his tests. Did not enjoy. 
129682	George	Burt	1
No Comments
686242	Shigemi	Matsumoto	1
Absolutely inspiring and knowledgeable about everything voice ... she's the reason I came to USC and definitely the reason I've succeeded here so far! If you come prepared, she'll take your voice to new technical and musical heights!
708768	Richard	Todd	1
I was expecting much more from this proffesor. He is now teaching at the univerity of miami.
833533	John	Perry	1
Great teacher when he is not on the phone or  checking his email during the lesson.
845555	Allan	Vogel	1
Allan is the best teacher I've had, and I've studied with all the famous teachers.  He is clear, kind, truthful, caring, a musical genius, and a true role model. I am a better oboist, musician, and person because I studied with him.  Study with Allan if you want to be a great musician and not just another Mack clone.
1058050	Deborah	How	1
Terrible teacher. She literally reads out of the textbook and calls that teaching. She seems new so the instructions for our essay is very unclear. Don't ask questions because you will reveal that she only knows what is in the textbook. Basically just read the text and go to class and you will be alright but she is a totally useless teacher.
1240503	John	Whitener	1
Great teacher but has a lot of temper tantrums. Be careful. Be only on his good side and never talk back to him or else he will snap!
1249193	Tony	Luu	1
If you sign up for his part time music class; it's like going to his tutoring center. And he'll help you.
1268337	Guiolio	Ongaro	1
Most boring teacher I've ever had. He mumbles the entire time with no breaks during the class. I relied on my textbook notes to get me through the class. The listening tests and exams are very difficult. He is very knowledgeable on the topic, but is a very dry lecturer. Bring the textbook to class; otherwise, the class is a waste of time.
1426883	Janice	McVeigh	1
Janice is the most devoted voice teacher I've ever had. If anything was ever confusing, she did her very best to find a way that I understood. She is extremely accommodating and tries to make all her students feel welcome. If you want a loving and supportive teacher who pays attention to you who also teaches a SOLID technique, go with Janice!
1481174	Kristin	Chaudhary	1
Great teacher, enjoyed the class a lot!
1550488	Cristian	Grases	1
He is hilarious and awesome, and has a really fun accent. I can tell he honestly cares about the class. Plus, he's pretty much brilliant. We learn a lot of music, but the scores are free (unless you lose them). Generally fun and engaging atmosphere!
1608435	Daniel	Pollack	1
Definitely one of the best piano profs at USC, extremely caring and thoughtful. He is very knowledgeable and you will learn TONs from him - even though he likes to tell stories at times :)
1675399	Rotem	Gilbert	1
You generally learn nothing in lecture--be prepared to do all of your learning from reading the textbook. Attendance isn't really mandatory, you have 2-3 midterms,& no assignments but 1 paper. If you don't know something on a test,fake it & you'll get points. Make sure you know the facts about pieces & can identify them. Rotem is very nice however.
1679510	Adriana	Balic	1
I really enjoyed her keyboarding class. She's quite enthusiastic and everything she teaches is useful, practical, and fun. She really wants her students to succeed, and it shows. I'd recommend this class to anyone.
1733453	Aaron	Serfaty	1
Aaron is one of the best teachers at Thornton and one of the reasons is because he can relate to students and really show interest for what kind of artist we want to be. He really knows the material and knows how to explain, especially teaching Americans how to play latin music, he makes it all accessible.  
1767610	Cynthia	Munzer	1
She is a really great voice teacher!! She cares about helping her students grow vocally and to not push the sound. She also provides challenging repertoire that helps a student voice show its full potential.
1848858	Andy	Abad	1
Highly encouraging and motivating, though his in class feedback can be vague ("that part's not right" etc). The biggest difficulty in performance class is making sure all your band members come to rehearsals prepared. If you are prepared, Andy will praise you and you will love performance class. DO YOUR CHARTS THE WEEK THEY ARE ASSIGNED
1853460	Stephen	Poloni	1
Nice guy. Most relaxed and enjoyable class of the week. 1mid & 1final. tests r not hard since this is a beginner lesson. overall it's really fun~
1966402	Amy	Bowers	1
Amy is an incredible trombone player, I feel that her guidance has really improved my playing. She is very fair and understanding, sets challenging yet attainable goals, and is definitely willing to work with you and help however she can. She's also very friendly and encouraging. All around great instructor!
1566605	Jaideep	Chadha	1
Probably the hardest class ever, its hard to understand this professor, but at least he looks like a bronze chiseled trojan/god
1492408	Kimberly	Morris	1
Great and enthusiastic! Super easy A if you just do the work. Fun class, all you do is draw cartoons, listen to her stories and have theater workshops pretty much, 2 small exams with all info from lectures, final is a creative project you work on throughout the semester like a scrap book or something and just present it during the last class.
1528586	Jackie	Mardirossian	1
She appears to be very smart and as a result teaches as if the rest of the world is as smart as she is.  Her tests are fair, but she is a very tough grader and the average for the exams was low.  She also came to class late on several occasions so that was something to get used to.  Don't worry if u're grade is low, she does curve.
1579346	Christine	Pollard	1
If you need anatomy, TAKE HER CLASS! Christine is extremely helpful and provides everything you need to succeed.If you study everything and ask questions, you will do well!. Tests are all from her lecture and packet (book) she provides. She's also such a sweet and funny person!
1977046	Kim	Egglestone	1
TAKE OT310. Super easy and the most inspirational classprofessor I've ever taken. 
1252996	Nathan	Salmon	1
one word--&quot;awesome&quot;
1573610	James	Vancleve	1
He was a good professor who is very intelligent and clearly interested in his topic. He can get a little confusing at times but I loved this class. Definitely worth taking if you're interested in philosophy.
1664966	Gary	Watson	1
great professor who really cares about his students! go to office hours and do the reading! class grade is based on 3 papers throughout the semester and a few in-class write-ups that count as participation points
1965839	Alex	Sarch 	1
He is amazing! So kind, caring and always willing to help. He gives hand outs with his lecture notes and thats all you need to study for the one mid term and one final. Take him!! 
1989044	Jonathan	Wright	1
Professor Wright is currently still a graduate student but his class is definitely the most interesting, funny, and entertaining class I've taken at USC.  He converts a subject matter that could have been dry and boring in the wrong hands; into something practical, useful, and just plain old stimulating, as long as you're paying attention.  
1652920	William-Thomas	Slaughter	1
It was a really easy class, you just had to show up and swim, it provided a great opportunity to exercise. At first I was a little &quot;iffy&quot; becuz I didn't know how to swim, but @ the end of the course I was swimming competitively with everyone else. No textbook needed. 1 midterm, 1 final, and ur allowed to miss 3 days no excuse needed
1760520	George	Toney	1
One of my best sports instructors ever. Motivates everyone, truly cares about each individual and if you make the effort to stay in contact, it's worth it. He's a genuine guy. Knows his stuff too. Take his class! You will be a better person!
1873122	Andrew	Fuller	1
Coach Andrew is the most enthusiastic volleyball coach I have ever met. He genuinely loves the sport, and if you let him, he'll share that passion with you. He keeps classes fun and interesting, believes that anyone can learn how to play volleyball, and gives you unconditional support. The tests are really easy, and he will help you "crush it".
1994102	Lori	Steele	1
I had no idea how much fun yoga could be!  Lori knows her stuff down to tiny muscles and made it easy to learn.  I found myself sleeping better by the third week and using breathing to help with my running!  By the 6th week I couldn't wait to come to class and sweat!  She's super funny, kind, and wears the coolest yoga clothes!! 
1569461	Anthony	Liang	1
This prof. was extremely difficult to understand in class and did not explain concepts well. He belittled us and didn't respect me until I got an A on his midterm. The lectures were completely useless for exam preparation, and I was forced to teach myself using the book. Out of all the science teachers I've ever had, he's by far the worst.
1671075	Paolo	Zanardi	1
Materials are interesting, but more mathematical, no deep physical insights.
1898570	Rajiv	Kalia	1
Homework help sessions are cool. The exams are like homework.
1926992	Mark	Phillips	1
Boring and gives no time for questions
1979096	Tomson	Ong	1
This class isn't a theory-based examination of why crime happens in society; it's Ong's graphic storytelling meant to frighten us into "good sense" crime policy (e.g. immediately call the police if you see someone who "doesn't belong" in your neighborhood). Class discussions are great if you argue with him but otherwise it's biased LAPD evangelism.
1049448	Dikla	Gavrieli	1
Professor Gavrieli is a great professor.  She is easy to understand and really cares about her students.  The class is interesting even though it is a statistics class.  She is really smart and expects alot from her students.  I recommend her.
1348350	Tridib	Banerjee	1
Could not understand his lectures.
1348357	Jan	Breidenbach	1
great professor.  classes consisted of a dialog between her and students.  she brought in speakers almost every week based on the topics we were learning about.
1397398	Vivian	Wu	1
Very nice woman; she's so smart and is an expert in her field, but not the best professor in the world though. There are no tests, only projects/papers but don't underestimate them. They are easy in essence, but she's very unclear in what she wants and expects until after you turn in your assignments.
1514839	Richard	Hagy	1
Great professor. Teaches one class at USC. Very educated and engages with students. Very clear in expectations. Gives guidance for each exam and sticks to it. Class consists of group presentation, term paper (10-12 pages), participation and 4 midterms. Read cases before coming to class as you will discuss them. No need to thoroughly read chapters.
1525757	Mark	Pisano	1
Mark Pisano is a painfully tedious lecturer. He rambles for hours and doesn't make sense. He's incapable of running a class discussion, because he loves the sound of his own voice. He's like a loud white nosie machine. Most of the time, he's fortunately unaware that no one is paying any attention in his classes. Avoid Pisano at all costs.
1796440	Mike	Paules	1
This professor does not make it clear what type of content he wants for homework.  When you do you case presentations, you really have to be a psychic in order to get an A.  Overall, great guy, but seems like he hasn't had much student contact and he should look into student expectations as well. Felt like a high school class.
1823499	Veronica	Flores	1
She has no idea what she is doing. The MOST confusing professor I have ever had. Grading seems arbitrary.
1833230	William	Farley	1
If you're looking for a professor that will teach you valuable, useful and practical tools for going out in the workforce than you should take Professor Farley. He's funny, down-to-earth, and brilliant. Highly recommend him.
888823	Kenneth	Graham	1
mr graham is funny and loves to teach. he doesntleave homework, he makes class fun. attendance is mandatory. he is a very easy teacher. if you are a good note taker take him. he reviews and reviews before test. easy A. he likes to clown on students too much. he'll give you a nickname. he is funny and cute
900062	Charles	Lee	1
Very intellectual individual.. Interesting topics.. Notes are straight forward and the midterms are related to your notes.. Lots of movie, documentary clicks... Take the class!!
948487	Nora	Hamilton	1
Horrible class. Nice person, but goes so fast through her lectures that it is impossible to take coherent notes. Avoid at all costs.
1362765	Antonio	Brown	1

1794339	Olu	Orange	1
Interesting class but very demanding. Take only if you are willing to dedicate weekends and spend hours outside of class meeting in preparation for class
673625	Brian	Betz	1
No Comments
676355	Elizabeth	Zelinski	1
Her tests aren't easy at all and some questions are completely unexpected . You are required to study both the lecture slides and the textbook, in order to do well on the midterms. Overall, would not recommend this professor or class.
688757	Carl	Osborne	1
No Comments
827038	Kathlyn	Chambers	1
She knows a great deal of information on the subject, but she lacks the virtue of being able to teach it effectively to the student. She uses a rediculous amount of slides which she never finishes explaining during class time, and basically repeats everything on the slides.  Do not take this class unless you have to.
886695	Lola	Brown	1
DONT TAKE ANY OF HER CLASSES
895398	Norman	Miller	1
He transforms average students to researchers. You don't only learn psychology with him, but also gain a life perspective, an analytical mind, and a critical eye.    One of the best professors of the university, and one of the most productive researchers inthe country. I miss him a lot.
1041846	Brian	Lickel	1
Social Psychology:  Lickel is a great professor.  Lectures are very clear, grading is fair.  Learned a lot.
1617899	Vivianne	Seyranian	1
She was a true pleasure to learn from. From the first day, she worked to engage and entice all in the classroom. Even though parts of the class were dull, she worked to keep every student in participation. As the course continued, she included several field trips and media endeavors to mix it up. She's brilliant, too.
1698610	Steven	Lopez	1
He's really boring. He tries to be funny but it doesn't work. The quizzes are kind of easy, but the midterm is surprisingly hard. I went to every class and paid attention, but he really asks for specifics on the midterm. Teaches off a powerpoint. I don't recommend this class at all.
1725240	Rachel	Beattie	1
Good have done better job of explaining the material.
1793423	Carol	Prescott	1
Dr. Prescott is the chillest professor ever, to her detriment. There is no textbook (which is normally a plus), and her slides have almost no information. Her lectures are slow and drag on. The class is unstructured and tough to follow, but luckily it is so easy that this doesn't really matter. As an additional plus, she is a really sweet person.
1872719	Darby	Saxbe	1
Dr. Saxbe is by far the best professor I've ever had. She is really nice and her PowerPoint presentations are always fun to follow. She uploads all lectures on Blackboard, which makes it easy to study for exams. I WOULD RECOMMEND HER TO ANYONE! TAKE EVERY CLASS POSSIBLE WITH HER!
1938918	Robert	Chernoff	1
I was disappointed by my diminished interest as time went on. I expected abnormal psych to be engaging & fascinating. Dr. Chernoff is learned and kind, but his lectures will bore you. The exams consist of 3 essays and 40 mult choice. They require a lot of memorization (symptoms and disorders)... most of which are convoluted and overlapping. 
1719055	Jason	Harley	1
GREAT TEACHER! Not the biggest fan of the class, but does a great job of clarifying the material and reads students faces to see it they get it or not.
1994347	Bruce	Smith	1
He's a good guy. he is passionate about Shakespeare. Just take him. There are like no assignments, either. 
1737899	Adam	Rubin	1
Professor Rubin knows a lot about the subject of Jewish History, however, he doesn't use any visual aids which makes it difficult to follow his lectures. The class is an easy interesting GE though, but it is hard to pay attention in class.
1898447	Christopher	Callahan	1
The nicest professor I have had so far. Class based mostly on take-home exams and a term paper. The historical thread of the class is extremely interesting, but the readings and the concepts in class can be extremely challenging sometimes. Very helpful and understanding with his class.  Namu amida butsu.
1995260	Rongdao	Lai	1
Religions of China is the worst GE I have taken. Professor Lai expects you to read about 100 pages of reading per class. She asks so many questions to a lecture hall and no one wants to answer because the reading is impossible. The subject is hard and she expects you to have a lot of background knowledge. I do not recommend this professor. 
1526138	Bob	Grandola	1
Easy class. All tests 100% M.C. Material tested is straight from notes. Labs can be more difficult depending on teacher. Kolb wasn't too bad.
1893283	Alison	Annunziata	1
She requires texts to be present in class.  The reading can be long at times but you just need to skim them.  Show up to class and try to participate.  She likes people who show that they care about the discussion in class. Its a fairly easy class if you attend and make her like you.
1910178	Basile	Beaty	1
nice guy, chill class, reasonable hw, prepared us pretty well for exams
716022	Estella	Andujo	1
Professor Andujo is AMAZING and highly recommended if she returns to USC! She is very experienced, knowledgable and passionate! Knows her stuff and is great at teaching it!!!
716028	Diane	Meadow	1
Dr. Meadow is a very experienced and fun professor. She is very knowledgable and has many entertaining and educational stories to share! I highly recommend her for ANY class you can take her for!
924633	Mara	Zeigler	1
mara is energetic, helpful, and truly cares.  I would totally take her again- - and I wasn't even very interested in taking this class.
985008	Jennifer	Wongyai	1
No Comments
1280654	Eugenia	Weiss	1
No Comments
1417351	Victoria	Vibhakar	1
funny and entertaining. hard on grammar and apa style,,,just with comments as class was a pass anyway
1447271	Ron	Astor	1
Policy class. We went to the LAUSD school district and presented. He expects that you will create your own structure but overall a good class.
1447272	Monika	White	1
Excellent. Very interesting lectures, lots of illustrative  anecdotes. Teaches practical & useful formation.
1494861	Tory	Cox	1
Great professor! Definitely recommend for seminar.
1506578	Herb	Hatanaka	1
He does a great job of applying leadership to field experiences.  Although, he is very disorganized and slow to return papers or give grades. He expects hard work, which is fine, except you don't get grades for awhile so it is hard to know your progress in his class.
1508723	Tamika	Gilreath	1
Took her for a night class. She reads off her power points and doesnt offer simple examples that will help you understand the material. She is nice, but slow at responding e-mails. Unclear on what she expects on papers.
1724031	Lilian Debbie	Murad	1
I took Professor Murad for SOWK 535. She is really nice, pretty easy, and flexiable. She has tons of experience in Social Work Policy, which I liked. She inspired me to get involved in SOWK policy.
1727037	Burton	Stiefel	1
Took Dr. Stiefel for SW 503 and 505. The best professor I have had so far at USC. Helpful, funny, and gives you real life experiences. To get a good grade you must follow his directions. He is not hard, but you have to put effort in order to do well in his class.
1735335	Amber	Ford	1
Very helpful Prof.
1735956	Nadia	Islam	1
She is a young professor who seems to have something to prove; from the first class it seemed she wanted students to fear her and think she is tough.  She grades very hard, but will not look at rough drafts.  She said she docks students for being late on papers even if they make arrangements in advance or have an emergency.
1751341	Terry	Jordan	1
Terry Jordan is an excellent field instructor.  She will demand a lot and push you hard, but it's all worth it.  Of all the classes I took in the program, this is the one where I got the most practical, useful information. I will definitely be using what I learned from her for years to come.
1816683	Stephen	Wernet	1
Wernet is a great teacher but a VERY hard grader. He knows a lot about the subject, is very enthusiastic and helpful. He is always willing to answer questions and help you out. However, he is not always clear on his grading and grades super hard.
1827583	Kenneth	Howard	1
Prof. Howard is an awesome professor though he can be kinda condescending at times. I just took his comments with a grain of salt and tried to not get offended. He has a ton to offer as a teacher if you can look past his condescension.
1828898	Christina	Paddock	1
Professor Paddock is super nice, helpful and very knowledgeable. Her lecture slides are very useful as well.
1852706	Kate	Sachnoff	1
I enjoyed the course but the workload was a bit overwhelming.
1889433	Susan	Brumer	1
Professor Brumer was very supportive and individualized each class for those students. She brought materials and experiences relevant to the course work. In addition, open to feedback, quick email responses and nurtured our developing professional minds with enthusiasm. Note:  Slides were used inconsistently, if that is important to you.
1893410	Steve	Monte	1
Professor Monte is rather confusing when explaining the needed documents for field placement. He is an enthusiastic professor who seems interested in his students experiences.
1897365	Julie	Cederbaum	1
Julie is an amazing professor. She is so funny and truly cares about her students, and not just in the context of her class. Fair grader, prob. the most accurate and honest prof. I've had so far. Encourages us to read but knows the reality of grad school. I'll miss having her as a prof-she teaches Health concentration classes.
1903339	Jorge	Lambrinos	1
The class material is not the most interesting if it is not what you are hoping to do with Social Work. However he is flexible with due dates, paper length, etc., and is willing to hear you out when you are struggling or need him to be lenient. Great professor who is VERY knowledgeable about policy.
1904882	Stephanie	Buttacavoli	1
Stephanie is genuinely interested in helping the class learn. She uses real life examples, is very down to earth, and extremely knowledgeable. I've learned so much clinically! She is very easy to talk to and makes class fun.
1907976	Hannah	Thomson	1
I initially had a tough time with this class and professor because I felt like we were having our personal therapy style stripped away--I understand now that the goal was just to teach us fundamentals. The professor was kind and helpful. Stimulated interesting conversations in class.
1910600	Trang	Hoang	1
Professor Hoang is an exceptional clinician with groups and families. Her insights and lectures on group development, and processes of change, and the intricacies of clinical work with families and groups makes this class very interesting. She introduces a lot of role playing, so be prepared to lead and participate in group therapy! Fair grader.
1913595	Gretchen	Heidemann-Whitt	1
I CANNOT say enough good things about this teacher. She takes a pretty difficult subject and really tries to help you understand it's content. and if she can't? She will help you until you get it. Period. I owe getting through my 1st semester of grad school to her.
1915297	Maxine	Mintzer	1
does not provide any additional information about play therapy. She only discusses what is in the ASYNCH. Grading is subjective and does not follow the rubric, is unable to explain assign., as "I didn't write this" attitude. She could be a wealth of information, as in private practice. She " wouldn't do that", as if there is only one way, her way!
1917207	Jennell	Maze	1
She is extremely by the books, making class dull and receiving markdowns for minor reasons on assignments. I think she could allow some flexibility and put some more trust in her students rather than staying inside the box. I didn't sense any passion in her work.
1931119	Sabrina	Ullah	1
Professor Ullah's class is not one I would take again. She gives long lectures, does not do any class discussions or activities, and does not provide adequate direction for assignments. She doesn't seem to know the material; her lectures are basically just quoting the books. She does not explain concepts in depth or fully answer questions. 
1936932	Margaret 	Evans 	1
Prof. Evans class was good. She's very big on participation in class therefore, make sure you read the Unit's assignment. She very down to earth and make sure you understand the information and can apply it to real life situations. I thoroughly enjoyed her class. Just remember to do work and ask questions if you don't understand. 
1937086	Diana	Cheng	1
Professor Cheng works hard to ensure students understand theories, and made sure we were clear on assignment guidelines. She provided lots of supplementary material (TED talks, videos) to enhance learning as well. Highly interactive course. Loved her!
1939202	Amy	Alexander	1
Professor Alexander is really friendly, professional, and blends the two together very well in each class. She comes prepared to teach and helps you learn the material in a way that is helpful to you as an individual and a future professional. She was very generous in her grading, and in my opinion my papers should have been scored a little harder.
1957303	Wendy	Talley	1
Instructor Talley is amazing!! She is not an easy teacher, but as long as you do your work its hard not to get an A!!
1974020	Nyora	Higgs	1
Didn't use book much but it's recommended I relied on ares.... Participate ... Ask questions... And u should do fine
1977556	Carol	Cole	1
I am so glad I took Professor Cole for SWK 586A. I didn't find any information on her when I registered for classes. She gives thorough feedback but she does look for improvement. You'll learn a lot in her class that will likely lead to you becoming a better clinician. The only thing I could see as negative is that she is big on holistic approach.
1977558	Samih	Samaha	1
Sam was definitely my favorite professor my first semester at USC. So much so that I registered for classes the hour class registration opened to make sure I would get in to his SWK 505 class. He's a fair grader, he likes to be challenged in class, he really likes students that seem to be taking in the material and applying it.
1993551	Jane	James	1
Absolutely awesome! She is very passionate and willing to help her students to maximize their learning capabilities. If I could take for all of my classes, I would. Highly recommended!!!
1993972	Jamila	Hankins	1
Dr. Hankins is a great professor.  You will want to come to her class and participate.  In addition, the class setting is comfortable. She does a great job making sure you understand the material by helping you work through your mental blocks--never giving you the answers.  She is always available, and she is always helpful.  TAKE THE CLASS!!!!
1777377	Demetrios	Psihopaidas	1
Demetri was an incredible TA! He was very knowledgeable about the course and was always very willing to help, and not intimidating in the least! I loved having him!
1871227	Chaitanya	Lakkimsetti	1
Opened up my mind to new ways of thinking. One of the best classes I've ever taken. I would recommend it to anyone!
1887017	Jennifer	Rosen	1
Rosen is a really nice teacher, always receptive to questions, even dumb ones. Seems to want to help students. Material is not hard if you study. Readings were actually pretty interesting!
1903936	Vanessa	Ovalle	1
So much love for Professor Ovalle! She's great, really sweet and super helpful. She really wants you to engage with the class, and she makes it fun and care free. Honestly the best class I took all semester. Super chill and an easy A if you put a little effort in
1204838	Hector	Velasquez	1
Very hard exams - but is a fair grader. Not sure if it was the way the course is designed or the way he teaches, but half the class was in danger of failing going into the final exam. Be careful with this guy.
1564778	Ana	Lee	1
Not an easy class, but definitely enjoyable. Class is taught completely in Spanish unless there is a complicated subject, and you are expected to speak only Spanish. Lots of participation points, so attendance is necessary. Extremely nice and willing to let students make mistakes without feeling stupid. Good class.
1594678	Erika	Varis	1
She makes the class wayyy harder than it should or needs to be. I would recommend not taking the 2 hour class. Just make sure to actually study for the exams on your own time, because the work done in class is not going to help you do well on the tests. Like at all. However she is very nice!
1800852	Erin	Graff Zivin	1
Brilliant teacher with a knack for synthesizing high theory into a more palatable experience. But what really makes her special is the genuine kindness and interest she shows towards her students. She's definitely one of the best professors at USC.
225131	Jason	Alexander	1
No Comments
747993	Adrianne	Harrop	1
Fantastick teacher --- the best prof --- so much better than last teacher!
1479752	Valerie	Rachelle	1
Challenging class, but definitely rewarding in the end.
1567148	Takeshi	Hamagaki	1
Challenging and fun class for all levels of dance. I know there were people in my class who had been dancing for years and people who had never danced at all, and everyone enjoyed it. He will push you, and you usually learn new steps every class, so try not to miss class. Really nice guy and lots of fun.
1642655	Shilarna	Stokes	1
I really lucked out with this writing 140 professor. she is not only kind, understanding, and funny; but she does everything she can to help us do well on our papers. one-on-one conferences are super helpful, and she's a teacher who I'm definitely going to keep in touch with after this class!!
1870676	Patrick	Pankhurst	1
If you are serious about commercial acting, take this class! Patrick is a true professional and does an incredible job of passing on his invaluable knowledge to the class. By the time you complete the course, you'll have filmed hundreds of spots and will be comfortable enough to own any commercial audition.
1882756	Maiya	Murphy	1
STOP! She is an awful teacher. Her lectures are basically textbook vomit, but the bad thing is there's no textbook. So you either have to record everything she says or type really fast. And good luck with the  tests. Though she says they're based on lecture and reading, there are questions that the class did not cover. B in a theatre class.. no!!
1972720	Tony 	Abatemarco	1
Gives lots of individual attention and takes an interest in what type of roles the students WANT to play. Focuses on personal connections with the character and with scene partners. Truly cares about his students and helps everyone grow as actors and people.
958565	Nareg	Kaprielian	1
No Comments
1586076	Evren	Savci	1
She's leaving for Northwestern next year, BUT SHE IS AWESOME. She's super hot too! Discussion was always stimulating and everyone agreed that she was the best TA of the class by far. She's super nice and isn't afraid to bring up controversial topics and dissect our brains! Worth it!
739341	Caley	O'Dwyer Feagin	1
No Comments
814957	Shelley	Berman	1
Mean.  Unhelpful.  Unclear.  Waste of tuition.
814959	Gina	Nahai	1
Genuinely interested and supportive.  A real motivator.  Insightful critiques.
814960	Holly	Prado-Northup	1
What a pleasure!  Holly is sensitive and supportive of poets at all levels.  She is a good critic.  By the end of the class, she manages to elevate the writing of all students, no matter where they began.
875845	Irvin	Kershner	1
Students either love him or find him intimidating.  I thought having an opportunity to learn screenwriting from the man who directed Empire Strikes Back was a phenomenal opportunity!
975949	Anne	Shea	1
She is an AMAZING writing 340 for Visual and Performing Arts teacher. Her class was a lot of fun and suuuper easy!! MUST TAKE IT IF YOU ARE SOME KIND OF AN ARTS MAJOR!! She is the sweetest lady ever. You will enjoy this class.
1262407	William	Entrekin	1
Salsa Dancing&#63;
1293320	Jessica	Bremmer	1
She's a fair writing 140 teacher who wants her students to succeed and do well in the class. She was very helpful and articulate about her expectations of us.
1345613	JJ	Keith	1

1366596	Natasha	Burton	1
Ms.Burton is very helpful she sends out lots of emails that help and are filled with useful information. The class itself is very difficult but her attractive laugh makes up for the time spent in class. Very enthusiastic about the material and the subjects we write about!
1505043	Naomi	Greenwald	1
She provided little help during tutorials. Her comments on returned assignments can be rude on occasion and the expectations of assignments do not become clear until after it is returned;however, this inspires a lot of student driven learning to hone in on their own writing style.
1509016	April	Davidauskis	1
I took Writ140 with SWMS210 affiliation, which gave interesting topics to write about. April is fair, and gives very thought-provoking essay topics. Definitely need to put in ample time for the writing process (but that's the case for any Writ-140 class). Work hard, try to write well, and discuss your thoughts with her often.
1517859	Jennifer	Frazier	1
Easy for WRIT-140. I had to work hard, only got a B+, but that is definitely good with me. Not sure what the other grades were, but she was always fast/reasonable, and seemed to grade easier overall than other 140 profs. She did one 140 section for POSC-130g, the prompts were great, and very flexible. Towards the end, I almost ignored the prompts.
1747762	Dasha	Henderer	1
Absolutely useless- I had to drop this course because the writing level expected from us was the same as a high-school freshman. Timid, boring, quiet... This course will not expand your interest in writing nor improve your writing ability. Not worth taking even to fulfill the GE requirement. No redeeming qualities.
1786365	Jennifer	Ansley	1
Helpful and instructive
1813918	Brett	Myhren	1
Dr. Myhren is very nice, always clear with his directions and easily accessible. His class is easy, but you have to meet for peer reviews and come to his office hours for each essay, neither of which I found very helpful.
1854941	Stacy	Gnall	1
Stacy Gnall is an incredible professor. You will learn a lot and enjoy going to class because of her. She makes writing fun and easy. Her class is always interesting and she is just an awesome woman to spend 3 hours of class with a week.
1863189	Li-Ping	Chen	1
AVOID AT ALL COSTS! Don't be fooled by her nice and carefree attitude. Prompts are confusing, and she offers little help during class conferences/office hours. She does not give A's either. Class is  super boring and a complete waste of time. My writing skills actually got worse after this class. A demoralizing experience that made me hate writing.
1873266	Deborah	Sims	1
If you're looking for a good WRIT 140 professor, take Dr. Sims' section if you can! She is extremely nice, and tries to always engage her students. She will help develop your writing skills and is always willing to help out. Highly recommended!
1943917	Dan	Pecchenino	1
Dr. Dan is the definition of an excellent professor! He genuinely cares about his students and their educations. Though he pushes you, you end up improving greatly in your writing. Clearly very intelligent and caring guy. Made WRIT-140 a lot of work (when isn't it?), but it is still one of my fave classes bc it was so rewarding.
1951721	Elisa	Warford	1
Her feedback on papers are not constructive.  Rather, she asks for minute details that detract from the main point of the essay.  Overall, the class isn't hard if you write about topics that you like, but just keep in mind that the revisions she asks you to make can be frustrating because of how unhelpful they tend to be.
1969836	Amanda	Hobmeier	1
terrible. I don't think anybody got above a B- in the class. Class was pointless and she wasn't helpful. Boring and such a harsh grader!!  Hated the class and she ruined my GPA 
1977592	Nikki	Darling	1
She is tough, but work hard, and write clearly. That is the key. Clarity. She is a loverly person who will really help students exceed, but not without pushing them. 
1979224	James	Clements	1
He has an idea in his head that he is much smarter than any students. Therefore he is unwilling to give decent grades, especially on the first essays. Overall, he was willing to help. He does value the effort that you put into the class.
1980952	DeAnna	Rivera	1
she sucks. she gives you 8 assignments after every class. requires you to put all assignments on blackboard. treats the class as if its a high school class. strict. 
1996945	Andrew	Murr	1
Professor Murr is the nicest writing professor I have ever had. He genuinely cares about his students and tries to help them improve.   Overall his lectures are clear and helpful. 
